[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/resize-polygons.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/resize-polygons.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/resize-polygons.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/resize-polygons.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/resize-polygons.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/resize-polygons.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/resize-polygons.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/resize-polygons.html)

  * [Working in Unity](../../working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](../../Unity2D.html)
  * [Sprites](../../sprite/sprite-landing.html)
  * [Sprite editor](../../sprite/sprite-editor/sprite-editor-landing.html)
  * Resize polygons

[](../../sprite/sprite-editor/automatic-slicing.html)

Automatic slicing

[](../../sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/custom-outline-editor-
landing.html)

Custom outline

# Resize polygons

Open the ****Sprite** A 2D graphic objects. If you are used to working in 3D,
Sprites are essentially just standard textures but there are special
techniques for combining and managing sprite textures for efficiency and
convenience during development. [More info](../../sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#Sprite) Editor** for a polygon and you
have the option to change its shape, size, and pivot position.

## Polygon shape

![Sprite Editor: Polygon resizing -
shape](../../../uploads/Main/SpriteEditorWindow.png) Sprite Editor: Polygon
resizing - shape

Enter the number of sides you want the polygon to have in the **Sides** field
and click **Change**.

## Polygon size and pivot

![Sprite Editor: Polygon resizing - size and pivot point - click on the
polygon to display these
options](../../../uploads/Main/SpriteEditorWindow2.png) Sprite Editor: Polygon
resizing - size and pivot point - click on the polygon to display these
options

### Polygon size

To change the polygon’s size, click on the Sprite to display green border
lines and the Sprite information box. Click and drag on the green lines to
create the border you want, and the values in the **Border** fields change.

### Polygon pivot

To change the polygon’s pivot point (that is the axis point the polygon moves
around), click on the image to display the Sprite information box. Click on
the **Pivot** drop down menu and select an option. This displays a blue pivot
circle on the polygon; its location depends on the pivot option to you have
selected. If you want to change it further, select **Custom Pivot** and click
and drag on the blue pivot circle to position it.

[](../../sprite/sprite-editor/automatic-slicing.html)

Automatic slicing

[](../../sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/custom-outline-editor-
landing.html)

Custom outline

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

