[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/use-editor.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/use-editor.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/use-editor.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/use-editor.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/use-editor.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/use-editor.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/use-editor.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/use-editor.html)

  * [Working in Unity](../../working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](../../Unity2D.html)
  * [Sprites](../../sprite/sprite-landing.html)
  * [Sprite editor](../../sprite/sprite-editor/sprite-editor-landing.html)
  * Use the editor

[](../../sprite/sprite-editor/open-sprite-editor.html)

Open the sprite editor

[](../../sprite/sprite-editor/automatic-slicing.html)

Automatic slicing

# Use the editor

The most direct way to use the editor is to identify the elements manually. If
you click on the image, you will see a rectangular selection area appear with
handles in the corners. You can drag the handles or the edges of the
SpriteRect to resize it around a specific element. Having isolated an element,
you can add another by dragging a new SpriteRect in a separate part of the
image. You’ll notice that when you have a SpriteRect selected, a panel appears
in the bottom right of the window.

The controls in the panel let you choose a name for the **Sprite** A 2D
graphic objects. If you are used to working in 3D, Sprites are essentially
just standard textures but there are special techniques for combining and
managing sprite textures for efficiency and convenience during development.
[More info](../../sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#Sprite) graphic and set the position and
size of the SpriteRect by its coordinates. A border width, for left, top,
right and bottom can be specified in **pixels** The smallest unit in a
computer image. Pixel size depends on your screen resolution. Pixel lighting
is calculated at every screen pixel. [More info](../../ShadowPerformance.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#pixel). The borders are useful when
[9-Slicing](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/9-slice.html) sprites. There are
also settings for the Sprite’s pivot, which Unity uses as the coordinate
origin and main “anchor point” of the graphic. You can choose from a number of
default SpriteRect-relative positions (for example, Center, Top Right, etc) or
use custom coordinates.

The **Trim** button next to the Slice menu item will resize the SpriteRect so
that it fits tightly around the edge of the graphic based on transparency.

**Note:** Borders are only supported for the **UI**(User Interface) Allows a
user to interact with your application. Unity currently supports three UI
systems. [More info](../../UI-system-compare.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#UI) system, not for the 2D **Sprite
Renderer** A component that lets you display images as Sprites for use in both
2D and 3D scenes. [More info](../../sprite/renderer/renderer-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#SpriteRenderer).

[](../../sprite/sprite-editor/open-sprite-editor.html)

Open the sprite editor

[](../../sprite/sprite-editor/automatic-slicing.html)

Automatic slicing

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

