[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/2d-game-creation-wokflow.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/2d-game-creation-wokflow.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/2d-game-creation-wokflow.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/2d-game-creation-wokflow.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/2d-game-creation-wokflow.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/2d-game-creation-wokflow.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/2d-game-creation-wokflow.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/2d-game-creation-wokflow.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](Unity2D.html)
  * [2D game development](2d-game-development-landing.html)
  * 2D game creation workflow

[](setup-project-2d-game.html)

Setup a project for 2D games

[](2d-game-perspective-reference.html)

2D game perspectives reference

# 2D game creation workflow

Before you create a 2D game, you need to decide on a [game
perspective](./2d-game-perspective-reference.html) and an [art
style](./2d-game-art-syle-reference.html).

To create a 2D game, [set up your Unity project](./setup-project-2d-game.html)
and then familiarize yourself with the relevant concepts in the following
order:

  1. Fundamentals

  2. Scripting

  3. SpritesA 2D graphic objects. If you are used to working in 3D, Sprites are essentially just standard textures but there are special techniques for combining and managing sprite textures for efficiency and convenience during development. [More info](sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Sprite)

  4. Building in-game environments

  5. Character animation

  6. Graphics

  7. Physics 2D

  8. Audio

  9. User interface

  10. Profiling, optimizing and testing

  11. Publishing

## Fundamentals

[GameObjects](GameObjects.html)The fundamental object in Unity scenes, which
can represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A
GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it. [More
info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) are fundamental objects in Unity
that represent characters, props, scenery, and more. Every object in your game
is a GameObject.

GameObjects represent the items in your game; the space in which you place
them to build your level is called a [scene](CreatingScenes.html)A Scene
contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene
file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles,
and decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene). Scenes in Unity are always 3D; when
you make a 2D game in Unity, you typically choose to ignore the third
dimension (the z-axis) but you can also use it in special cases, for example
when making 2.5D games.

The behavior of GameObjects is defined by blocks of functionality called
components. The following components are fundamental for 2D games:

  * [Transform](class-Transform.html): the **Transform component** A Transform component determines the Position, Rotation, and Scale of each object in the scene. Every GameObject has a Transform. [More info](class-Transform.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#TransformComponent) determines the Position,
Rotation, and Scale of each GameObject in the scene. Every GameObject has a
Transform component.

  * [Sprite Renderer](sprite/renderer/renderer-landing.html)A component that lets you display images as Sprites for use in both 2D and 3D scenes. [More info](sprite/renderer/renderer-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#SpriteRenderer): the Sprite Renderer component
renders the Sprite and controls how it looks in a scene.

  * [Cameras](class-Camera.html)A component which creates an image of a particular viewpoint in your scene. The output is either drawn to the screen or captured as a texture. [More info](CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Camera): devices that capture and display the
world to the player. Marking a Camera as **Orthographic** removes all
perspective from the Camera’s view. This is mostly useful for making isometric
or 2D games.

  * [Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/collider-2d-landing.html): this component defines the shape of a 2D GameObject for the purposes of physical **collisions** A collision occurs when the physics engine detects that the colliders of two GameObjects make contact or overlap, when at least one has a Rigidbody component and is in motion. [More info](CollidersOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Collision). See [2D Physics](class-
Physics2DManager.html).

Components are **UI**(User Interface) Allows a user to interact with your
application. Unity currently supports three UI systems. [More info](UI-system-
compare.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UI) representations of C# classes; you can use
scripts to change and interact with components, or create new ones. See the
Scripting section for more details.

## Scripting

All 2D games need [scripts](scripting.html)A piece of code that allows you to
create your own Components, trigger game events, modify Component properties
over time and respond to user input in any way you like. [More info](creating-
scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts). Scripts respond to input from the
player and arrange for events in the gameplay to happen when they should.

For details on how to use scripts in Unity see [Scripting Overview](object-
oriented-development.html). Also see the Unity Learn [Beginner
Scripting](https://learn.unity.com/course/beginner-scripting) course.

Scripts are attached to GameObjects, and any script you create inherits from
the [MonoBehaviour](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.html) class.

## Sprites

[Sprites](sprite/sprite-landing.html) are 2D graphic objects. You use Sprites
for all types of 2D games. For example, you can import an image of your main
character as a Sprite.

![A character Sprite](../uploads/Main/quickstart-sprite-2d.png) A character
Sprite

You can also use a collection of Sprites to build a character. This allows you
greater control over the movement and animation of your characters.

![Multiple Sprites that make up the parts of a character, displayed in the
Sprite Editor](../uploads/Main/quickstart-sprite-editor-2d.png) Multiple
Sprites that make up the parts of a character, displayed in the Sprite Editor

### Importing and setting up Sprites

Import your Sprites with Unity’s recommended settings; see [Importing and
Setting Up Sprites](sprite/sprite-landing.html).

### Rendering Sprites

Use the [Sprite Renderer](sprite/renderer/renderer-landing.html) component to
render your Sprites. For example, you can use the Sprite Renderer to change
the color and opacity of a Sprite.

![Adjusting the color of a Sprite with the Sprite
Renderer](../uploads/Main/quickstart-sprite-renderer-2d.png) Adjusting the
color of a Sprite with the Sprite Renderer

See the [Introduction to the Sprite Renderer Learn
tutorial](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/introduction-to-the-sprite-
renderer#). Sorting SpritesBy organizing Sprites in layers, you can create an
illusion of depth. You can sort Sprites according to many strategies. See
[Sorting Sprites](sprite/sprite-landing.html) for full details. For example,
you might sort Sprites along the y-axis, so that Sprites that are higher up
are sorted behind Sprites that are lower, to make the Sprites that are higher
appear further away than the Sprites that are lower.

![Sprites sorted along the y-axis](../uploads/Main/quickstart-sort-
sprites-2d.png) Sprites sorted along the y-axis

To set the overlay order of Sprites, use [Sorting Layers](class-
TagManager.html).

To group GameObjects with [Sprite Renderers](sprite/renderer/renderer-
landing.html), and control the order in which they render their Sprites, use
[Sorting Groups](sprite/sorting-group/sorting-group-landing.html).

### Sprite Atlas

You can use a [Sprite Atlas](sprite/atlas/atlas-landing.html)A utility that
packs several sprite textures tightly together within a single texture known
as an atlas. [More info](sprite/atlas/v2/v2-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#SpriteAtlas) to consolidate several Textures
into a single combined Texture. This optimizes your game and saves memory. For
example, you can add all your Sprites associated with a particular character
or purpose to a Sprite Atlas.

![A Sprite Atlas](../uploads/Main/quickstart-sprite-atlas-2d.png) A Sprite
Atlas

See the [Introduction to the Sprite Atlas Learn
tutorial](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/introduction-to-the-sprite-atlas).

## Building in-game environments

Environment design refers to the process of building your game’s levels and
environments. You can combine the environment design tools in this section in
whichever way makes the most sense for your game; for example, you can make a
top-down game using only 9-slice, or you can make a side on platformer with
Tilemap and SpriteShape.

### 9-slicing

9-slicing is a 2D technique that allows you to reuse an image at various sizes
without needing to prepare multiple assets. Unity can dynamically stretch and
tile designated parts of a Sprite to allow one Sprite to serve as the border
or background for UI elements of many sizes. See [9-slicing
Sprites](sprite/9-slice/9-slice-landing.html).

For example, you could use 9-slicing to stretch a Sprite to shape when you
build a 2D level.

![A 9-sliced Sprite, split into nine
sections](../uploads/Main/quickstart-9-slice-2d.png) A 9-sliced Sprite, split
into nine sections

See the [Using 9-Slicing for Scalable Sprites Learn
tutorial](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/using-9-slicing-for-scalable-
sprites-2019-3).

### Tilemap

The [Tilemap](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/tilemap-reference.html)A GameObject
that allows you to quickly create 2D levels using tiles and a grid overlay.
[More info](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/tilemap-reference.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Tilemap) component is a system that stores and
handles Tile assets for creating 2D levels. Use the [2D Tilemap
Editor](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/tilemap-reference.html) package (installed
by default) to use Tilemaps.

For example, you can use Tilemaps to paint levels using Tiles and brush tools
and define rules for how Tiles behave.

![The Tile Palette window, used to edit Tilemaps](../uploads/Main/quickstart-
tilemap-2d.png) The Tile Palette window, used to edit Tilemaps

See the [Introduction to Tilemaps Learn
tutorial](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/introduction-to-tilemaps).

#### 2D Tilemap Extras

To add some extra Tilemap assets to your Project, install the [2D Tilemap
Extras](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.tilemap.extras@1.6/manual/index.html)
package. This package contains reusable 2D and Tilemap Editor scripts that you
can use for your own Projects. You can customize the behavior of the scripts
to create new Brushes that suit different scenarios.

#### Isometric Tilemaps

For games with isometric perspective, you can create [Isometric
Tilemaps](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/isometric-tilemaps/isometric-tilemap-
landing.html).

### SpriteShape

In a similar way to a vector drawing tool, SpriteShape provides a more
flexible way to create larger Sprites, such as organic-looking landscapes and
paths. See the [Sprite Shape
Profile](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.spriteshape@3.0/manual/SSProfile.html).

![A path created in SpriteShape](../uploads/Main/quickstart-spriteshape-
path-2d.png) A path created in SpriteShape

See the [Working with SpriteShape
tutorial](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/working-with-spriteshape).

## Character animation

There are three different ways you can animate 2D characters:

2D animation type | Used for  
---|---  
Frame-by-frame | Artistic reasons, if you want your game to have a classic animation art style. Frame-by-frame animation is relatively resource-intensive, both to make and to run.  
Cutout | Smooth skeletal animation, when the characters don’t require realistic articulation.  
Skeletal | Smooth skeletal animation where Sprites bend according to the bone structure. Use this when the characters need a more organic feel.  
  
### Frame-by-frame

Frame-by-frame animation is based on the traditional cel animation technique
of drawing each moment of an animation as individual images, which are played
in fast sequence, like flipping pages on a flipbook.

To do frame-by-frame animation, follow the [Frame-by-frame Animation
workflow](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.animation@2.2/manual/FFanimation.html).

![Frame-by-frame animation in the Sprite Editor](../uploads/Main/quickstart-
frame-by-frame-2d.png) Frame-by-frame animation in the Sprite Editor

See the [Introduction to Sprite Animations Learn
tutorial](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/introduction-to-sprite-animations).

### Cutout

In cutout animation, multiple Sprites make up the body of a character, and
each piece moves to give the visual effect of the whole character moving. This
animation style is similar to skeletal animation (see below), except that the
Sprites don’t bend.

![Cutout animation in the Sprite Editor](../uploads/Main/quickstart-
cutout-2d.png) Cutout animation in the Sprite Editor

### Skeletal

With skeletal animation, you map a Sprite or a group of Sprites onto an
animation skeleton. You can create and define animation bones for characters
and objects, that define how they should bend and move. This approach allows
the bones to bend and deform the Sprites, for a more natural movement style.
To use skeletal animation, you need to use the [2D
Animation](com.unity.2d.animation.html) package (installed by default).

For a 2D Animation workflow, including a guide to working with the Bone
Editor, see the [2D Animation
documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.animation@1.0/manual/index.html).

![A character with bones in the Bone Editor](../uploads/Main/quickstart-
skeletal-2d.png) A character with bones in the Bone Editor

## Graphics

This section describes the [2D URP graphic features](2d-urp-landing.html)
available when using Universal **Render Pipeline** A series of operations that
take the contents of a Scene, and displays them on a screen. Unity lets you
choose from pre-built render pipelines, or write your own. [More info](render-
pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Renderpipeline) (URP).

### Lighting

Because you’re using URP with the 2D Renderer, you can use the Light 2D
component to apply optimized 2D lighting to Sprites. For details, see
[Introduction to Lights 2D](urp/Lights-2D-intro.html).

![These two images show the same scene; in the image on the left, 2D Lights
are disabled, and in the image on the right, 2D lights are enabled. With 2D
Lights, you can use the same Sprites to create different weather conditions or
moods.](../uploads/Main/quickstart-lighting-2d.png) These two images show the
same scene; in the image on the left, 2D Lights are disabled, and in the image
on the right, 2D lights are enabled. With 2D Lights, you can use the same
Sprites to create different weather conditions or moods.

See the [Lighting in URP Learn
tutorial](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/editing-lighting-in-the-
lightweight-render-pipeline).

### Shadows

To define the shape and properties that a Light uses to determine the shadows
it casts, use the [Shadow Caster 2D component](urp/2DShadows.html).

![A shadow intensity of 0.5 in the Shadow Caster 2D
component](../uploads/Main/quickstart-shadows-2d.png) A shadow intensity of
0.5 in the Shadow Caster 2D component

### Enhanced look and feel

Particle systems and **post-processing** A process that improves product
visuals by applying filters and effects before the image appears on screen.
You can use post-processing effects to simulate physical camera and film
properties, for example Bloom and Depth of Field. [More
info](PostProcessingOverview.html) post processing, postprocessing,
postprocess  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#post-processing) are optional tools that you
can use to add polish to your game.

#### Particle systems

You can use particle systems to create dynamic objects like fire, smoke or
liquids, as an alternative to using a Sprite. Sprites are more suited to
physical objects. See [Particle systems](ParticleSystems.html)A component that
simulates fluid entities such as liquids, clouds and flames by generating and
animating large numbers of small 2D images in the scene. [More info](class-
ParticleSystem.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#particlesystem).

![A fire effect, created with the Particle System and Shader Graph for
2D](../uploads/Main/quickstart-particle-system-2d.png) A fire effect, created
with the Particle System and Shader Graph for 2D

#### Post-processing

You can use post-processing effects and full-screen effects to significantly
improve the appearance of your game. For example, you can use these effects to
simulate physical camera or film properties, or to create stylized visuals.

URP has its own post-processing implementation. See [Post-processing in the
Universal Render Pipeline](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-
pipelines.universal@8.2/manual/integration-with-post-processing.html).

![The Lost Crypt demo uses the bloom and vignette post-processing
effects](../uploads/Main/quickstart-post-processing-2d.png) The Lost Crypt
demo uses the bloom and vignette post-processing effects

## Physics 2D

The Physics 2D settings define limits on the accuracy of the physical
simulation in your 2D game. See [2D Physics](class-Physics2DManager.html).

This [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xxbs9x2qB7Y&feature=youtu.be)
provides an overview of 2D physics features in Unity 2020.1.

To learn how to use Unity’s 2D **physics engine** A system that simulates
aspects of physical systems so that objects can accelerate correctly and be
affected by collisions, gravity and other forces. [More
info](PhysicsSection.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#PhysicsEngine), see the [2D Physics Learn
tutorial](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/2d-physics).

The following 2D physics tools are useful for 2D games.

  * Rigidbody 2D
  * Collider 2D
  * Triggers
  * 2D Joints
  * 2D Effectors

### Rigidbody 2D

A **Rigidbody** A component that allows a GameObject to be affected by
simulated gravity and other forces. [More info](class-Rigidbody.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Rigidbody) 2D component places a GameObject
under the control of the physics engine. See [Rigidbody
2D](2d-physics/rigidbody/introduction-to-rigidbody-2d.html).

![The Rigidbody 2D component](../uploads/Main/quickstart-rigidbody-
component-2d.png) The Rigidbody 2D component

### Collider 2D

Collider 2D components define the shape of a 2D GameObject for the purposes of
physical collisions. You can also use **Collider** An invisible shape that is
used to handle physical collisions for an object. A collider doesn’t need to
be exactly the same shape as the object’s mesh - a rough approximation is
often more efficient and indistinguishable in gameplay. [More
info](CollidersOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Collider) 2D components for input detection.
For example, in mobile games you can use them to make Sprites selectable.

The Collider 2D types that you can use with Rigidbody 2D are:

  * [Circle Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/circle-collider-2d-reference.html)
  * [Box Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/box-collider-2d-reference.html)
  * [Polygon Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/polygon-collider-2d-reference.html)
  * [Edge Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/edge-collider-2d-reference.html)
  * [Capsule Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/capsule-collider/capsule-collider-2d-reference.html)
  * [Composite Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/composite-collider/composite-collider-2d-reference.html)

![The Circle Collider 2D component](../uploads/Main/quickstart-circle-
collider-component.png) The Circle Collider 2D component

### Triggers

When you set a Collider 2D as a Trigger (by enabling its **Is Trigger**
property), it no longer behaves as a physical object, and it can intersect
with other Colliders without causing a collision. Instead, when a Collider
enters its space, Unity calls the `OnTriggerEnter` function on the Trigger
GameObject’s scripts.

![The Circle Collider 2D component with Is Trigger
selected](../uploads/Main/quickstart-is-trigger-2d.png) The Circle Collider 2D
component with **Is Trigger** selected

### 2D Joints

Joints attach GameObjects together. You can only attach 2D **joints** A
physics component allowing a dynamic connection between Rigidbody components,
usually allowing some degree of movement such as a hinge. [More
info](Joints.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#joint) to GameObjects that have a Rigidbody 2D
component attached, or to a fixed position in world space. See [2D
Joints](2d-physics/joints/2d-joints-landing.html).

### 2D Effectors

Use Effector 2D [components](UsingComponents.html)A functional part of a
GameObject. A GameObject can contain any number of components. Unity has many
built-in components, and you can create your own by writing scripts that
inherit from MonoBehaviour. [More info](UsingComponents.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#component) with [Collider
2D](2d-physics/collider/collider-2d-landing.html) components to direct the
forces of [physics](PhysicsSection.html) in your scene when
[GameObject](GameObjects.html) Colliders come into contact with each other.
See [2D Effectors](2d-physics/effectors/effectors-2d-landing.html).

## Audio

You can add background music and sound effects to your game in Unity; see
[Audio Overview](AudioOverview.html). Use third-party software to create your
audio and import it into Unity with the recommended settings.

## User interface

If you want to add a menu or help to your game, you need to set up a [user
interface](UIToolkits.html). To set up a user interface, use [Unity
UI](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UIToolkits.html).

## Profiling, optimizing and testing a build

### Profiling

Profiling allows you to see how resource-intensive the different parts of your
game are. You should always profile your game on its target release platform;
see [Profiling your application](profiler-profiling-applications.html).

### Optimizing

After profiling, you can use the results to make performance improvements and
optimizations. See [Understanding optimization in
Unity](UnderstandingPerformance.html).

### Testing

Test your game and your code with the Unity Test Framework; see [Unity Test
Framework](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.test-
framework@1.1/manual/index.html).

![The Test Runner window](../uploads/Main/quickstart-testing-2d.png) The Test
Runner window

## Publishing

When you’ve finished your game, you’re ready to publish it. See [Publishing
Builds](PublishingBuilds.html).

[](setup-project-2d-game.html)

Setup a project for 2D games

[](2d-game-perspective-reference.html)

2D game perspectives reference

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

