[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/2DPrimitiveObjects.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/2DPrimitiveObjects.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/2DPrimitiveObjects.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/2DPrimitiveObjects.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/2DPrimitiveObjects.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/2DPrimitiveObjects.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/2DPrimitiveObjects.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/2DPrimitiveObjects.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Working with GameObjects](working-with-gameobjects.html)
  * [Primitive and placeholder objects](PrimitiveObjects.html)
  * Types of 2D primitive GameObjects

[](PrimitiveObjects.html)

Primitive and placeholder objects

[](unity-components.html)

Components

# Types of 2D primitive GameObjects

Unity has import support for different image formats, such as .png or Adobe’s
.psd, which gives you additional options when creating and preparing your 2D
assets for your project. But if you want to create a quick prototype, Unity
provides 2D primitive **GameObjects** The fundamental object in Unity scenes,
which can represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more.
A GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it.
[More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) to help you build your project,
without needing to prepare and import your own assets.

This page details the dimensions and common uses of the available 2D primitive
options.

**Important:** Your project must have the [2D Sprite
package](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.sprite@1.0/manual/index.html)
installed to enable the following 2D primitive options. The 2D Sprite package
is automatically installed when you create a project with the [2D project
template](https://docs.unity3d.com/hub/manual/Templates.html) selected, or you
can install the 2D Sprite package via the [Package Manager](Packages.html).

## Create a 2D primitive GameObject

To create one of these preset 2D primitive GameObjects, go to **GameObject** >
**2D Object** > **Sprites** or **Create** > **2D** > **Sprites** and select
one of the available options:

  * Triangle
  * Square
  * Circle
  * Capsule
  * Isometric Diamond
  * Hexagon Flat-Top
  * Hexagon Point-Top
  * 9-Sliced

## Default sprite dimensions

The default sprite size of the 2D primitives is 256 X 256 **pixels** The
smallest unit in a computer image. Pixel size depends on your screen
resolution. Pixel lighting is calculated at every screen pixel. [More
info](ShadowPerformance.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#pixel), with a pixels-per-unit (PPU) size of
256. This combination of dimensions and PPU value makes the sprite’s size
equal to one **Unity unit** The unit size used in Unity projects. By default,
1 Unity unit is 1 meter. To use a different scale, set the Scale Factor in the
Import Settings when importing assets.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Unityunit) in the **scene** A Scene contains
the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a
unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and
decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene). There are two exceptions - the Capsule
primitive is 256 X 512 pixels (1:2 units) in size, and the Isometric Diamond
primitive is 256 X 128 pixels (1:0.5 units).

## Triangle

![](../uploads/Main/2D-primitive-triangle.png)

The **Triangle** 2D primitive is white isosceles triangle with a base
measuring one Unity unit in size. You can use it as a placeholder for various
elements in your scene, such as obstacles or parts of the user interface. You
can add the [Polygon Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/polygon-
collider-2d-reference.html) component to the primitive to have it interact
with other GameObjects and the 2D physics system.

## Square

![](../uploads/Main/2D-primitive-square.png)

The **Square** 2D primitive is a white square that’s 1 X 1 Unity units in
size. You can use it as a placeholder for various elements, such as obstacles
or platforms. You can add the [Box Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/box-
collider-2d-reference.html) component to the primitive to have it interact
with other GameObjects and the 2D physics system. You can select the 9-Sliced
option for a more scalable sprite that resizes dynamically.

## Circle

![](../uploads/Main/2D-primitive-circle.png)

The **Circle** 2D primitive is a white circle that’s one Unity unit in
diameter. You can use it as a placeholder for various elements in your scene,
such as obstacles or props. You can add the [Circle Collider
2D](2d-physics/collider/circle-collider-2d-reference.html) to the primitive to
have it interact with other GameObjects and the 2D physics system.

## Capsule

![](../uploads/Main/2D-primitive-capsule.png)

The **Capsule** 2D primitive is a white capsule that’s 1 X 2 units in size.
You can use it as a placeholder for various elements in your scene, such as an
obstacle, prop, or a stand-in for a character. You can add a [Capsule Collider
2D](2d-physics/collider/capsule-collider/capsule-collider-2d-reference.html)
to the primitive to have it interact with other GameObjects and the 2D physics
system.

## Isometric Diamond

![](../uploads/Main/2D-primitive-isodiamond.png)

The **Isometric Diamond** 2D primitive is a white diamond-shaped sprite that’s
1 X 0.5 units in size. This sprite is often used as a placeholder for Tiles
placed on [Isometric Tilemaps](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/isometric-
tilemaps/isometric-tilemap-landing.html). The pixels at the top and bottom of
this sprite are slightly cropped to improve tiling.

## Hexagon Flat-Top

![](../uploads/Main/2D-primitive-hex-flattop.png)

The **Hexagon Flat-Top** 2D primitive is a regular hexagon that’s one unit
wide, with its flat sides oriented towards the top and bottom. This sprite is
often used as a placeholder for Tiles placed on [Hexagonal Flat-Top
Tilemaps](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/hexagonal-tilemaps.html). The pixels to
the left and right of this sprite are slightly cropped to improve tiling.

## Hexagon Point-Top

![](../uploads/Main/2D-primitive-hex-pointtop.png)

The **Hexagon Point-Top** 2D primitive is a regular hexagon that’s one unit
tall, with its points oriented towards the top and bottom. This sprite is
often used as a sprite placeholder for Tiles placed on a [Hexagonal Pointed-
Top Tilemaps](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/hexagonal-tilemaps.html). The pixels
to the top and bottom of this sprite are slightly cropped to improve tiling.

## 9-Sliced

![](../uploads/Main/2D-primitive-9-sliced.png)

The **9-Sliced** 2D primitive is a white square with rounded corners that’s 1
X 1 units in size. This sprite has been [9-sliced](sprite/9-slice/9-slice-
landing.html) with borders measuring 64 pixels on each side. This sprite is
primarily used with the [Sprite Renderer](sprite/renderer/renderer-
landing.html)A component that lets you display images as Sprites for use in
both 2D and 3D scenes. [More info](sprite/renderer/renderer-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#SpriteRenderer) component’s **Sliced** and
**Tiled** Draw Modes. You can use the 9-sliced sprite as a flexible
placeholder for various elements in your scene and project (see [9-slicing
sprites](sprite/9-slice/9-slice-sprite.html) for more information). You can
add a [Box Collider 2D](2d-physics/collider/box-collider-2d-reference.html)
with **Auto Tiling** enabled to have the sprite interact with other objects
and the 2D physics system.

## Additional resources

  * [2D game development quickstart guide](./2d-game-development-landing.html)
  * [Sprites](sprite/sprite-landing.html)A 2D graphic objects. If you are used to working in 3D, Sprites are essentially just standard textures but there are special techniques for combining and managing sprite textures for efficiency and convenience during development. [More info](sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Sprite)

  * [Tilemap](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/tilemap-reference.html)A GameObject that allows you to quickly create 2D levels using tiles and a grid overlay. [More info](tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/tilemap-reference.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Tilemap)

  * [Physics Reference 2D](2d-physics/2d-physics.html)

[](PrimitiveObjects.html)

Primitive and placeholder objects

[](unity-components.html)

Components

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

