[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/android-device-simulator.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/android-device-simulator.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/android-device-simulator.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/android-device-simulator.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/android-device-simulator.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/android-device-simulator.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/android-device-simulator.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/android-device-simulator.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [Android](android.html)
  * [Developing for Android](android-developing.html)
  * [Testing and debugging](android-testing-and-debugging.html)
  * Simulate an Android device

[](android-symbols.html)

Android symbols

[](android-profile-on-an-android-device.html)

Collecting performance data on an Android device

# Simulate an Android device

Unity’s [Device Simulator](device-simulator.html) can simulate the appearance
and behavior of a variety of Android devices. This helps you test basic
interactions and view the layout of your application on Android devices. This
reduces costs, because you don’t need to own a device to simulate it, and
helps you to improve device coverage. Additionally, the Device Simulator
doesn’t require you to build your application which means you can debug layout
issues and iterate quickly.

The Device Simulator doesn’t simulate the graphics backend of the target
device and renders your application in the same way that the Editor does. This
means that it doesn’t impose limitations that the graphics backend of the
target device might have. The Device Simulator also doesn’t simulate the
performance characteristics of the device, so to profile your application, you
must create a build and run it directly on the device. For more information,
refer to [Collecting performance data on an Android device](android-profile-
on-an-android-device.html). For more information on the capabilities and
limitations of the Device Simulator, refer to [Device Simulator
introduction](device-simulator-introduction.html).

The device Simulator includes a variety of Android devices, but you can also
add other devices if necessary. For information on how to do this, refer to
[Add a device](device-simulator-adding-a-device.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Debug on an Android device](android-debugging-on-an-android-device.html)
  * [Unity Remote](UnityRemote5.html)A downloadable app designed to help with Android, iOS and tvOS development. The app connects with Unity while you are running your project in Play Mode from the Unity Editor. [More info](UnityRemote5.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UnityRemote)

[](android-symbols.html)

Android symbols

[](android-profile-on-an-android-device.html)

Collecting performance data on an Android device

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

