[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/android-apk-expansion-files-in-unity.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/android-apk-expansion-files-in-unity.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/android-apk-expansion-files-in-unity.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/android-apk-expansion-files-in-unity.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/android-apk-expansion-files-in-unity.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/android-apk-expansion-files-in-unity.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/android-apk-expansion-files-in-unity.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/android-apk-expansion-files-in-unity.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [Android](android.html)
  * [Developing for Android](android-developing.html)
  * [Android application size restrictions](android-application-size-restrictions.html)
  * [APK expansion files](android-OBBsupport.html)
  * APK expansion files in Unity

[](android-OBBsupport.html)

APK expansion files

[](android-apk-expansion-files-install.html)

Manually install an APK expansion file

# APK expansion files in Unity

This page describes how [APK expansion files](android-OBBsupport.html) work in
the context of a Unity Android application.

Unity can automatically split an application into a main **APK** The Android
Package format output by Unity. An APK is automatically deployed to your
device when you select File > Build & Run. [More info](android-
BuildProcess.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#APK) and a single APK expansion file that uses
the `.obb` file extension. In Unity, this process is called splitting the
application binary. The APK expansion file this process generates is the main
APK expansion file and if you want to create the patch APK expansion, you must
do that manually.

## Create the main APK expansion file

To create the main APK expansion file for your application, indicate to Unity
to split the application. For information on how to do this, refer to
[Splitting the application binary](class-
PlayerSettingsAndroid.html#splitapplicationbinary).

Now when you [Build the application](android-BuildProcess.html), Unity
generates the APK and the main APK expansion file then copies them both to the
output directory. Unity uses the name of the application followed by `.main`
for the name of the APK expansion file. For example, if the application is
called `my-app`, the APK will be `my-app.apk` and the APK expansion file will
be `my-app.main.obb`.

If the application starts and it can’t find and load the main APK expansion
file, only the first ****Scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus
of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each
Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially
designing and building your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene)** is available. In this case, try to
download the APK expansion file. For more information, refer to [Download
process](https://developer.android.com/google/play/expansion-
files#DownloadProcess).

## Create the patch APK expansion file

Unity only automatically creates the main APK expansion file, but you can
manually create the patch APK expansion file if the application requires more
storage space. For information on how to create the patch APK expansion file,
refer to Android’s [Development
checklist](https://developer.android.com/google/play/expansion-
files#Checklist) documentation.

### APK compatibility

When you create the patch expansion file, you must include a `unity_obb_guid`
file within it so Android recognizes the APK expansion as being compatible
with the APK. To do this:

  1. Find the main APK expansion file that Unity generates. It’s a zip archive.
  2. Extract the files from the APK expansion zip archive.
  3. In the list of extracted files, find the `unity_obb_guid` file.
  4. Copy this file over to the patch expansion file.

## Additional resources

  * [Manually install an APK expansion file](android-apk-expansion-files-install.html)
  * [Host APK expansion files](android-apk-expansion-files-host.html)

[](android-OBBsupport.html)

APK expansion files

[](android-apk-expansion-files-install.html)

Manually install an APK expansion file

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

