[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AndroidJARPlugins.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AndroidJARPlugins.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AndroidJARPlugins.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AndroidJARPlugins.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AndroidJARPlugins.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AndroidJARPlugins.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AndroidJARPlugins.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AndroidJARPlugins.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [Android](android.html)
  * [Developing for Android](android-developing.html)
  * [Create and use plug-ins in Android](PluginsForAndroid.html)
  * [Android plug-in types](android-plugin-types.html)
  * JAR plug-ins

[](android-aar-import.html)

Import an Android Archive plug-in

[](AndroidNativePlugins.html)

Native plug-ins for Android

# JAR plug-ins

You can use Java Archive (JAR) **plug-ins** A set of code created outside of
Unity that creates functionality in Unity. There are two kinds of plug-ins you
can use in Unity: Managed plug-ins (managed .NET assemblies created with tools
like Visual Studio) and Native plug-ins (platform-specific native code
libraries). [More info](./plug-ins.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Plug-in) to interact with the Android OS or to
call methods written in Java from C# **scripts** A piece of code that allows
you to create your own Components, trigger game events, modify Component
properties over time and respond to user input in any way you like. [More
info](creating-scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts).

Java Archive (JAR) plug-ins contain Java code that you can call from C#
scripts. They’re useful if you want to interact with the Android operating
system, or just call Java code from C#.

This type of plug-in is useful if you plan to reuse Java code in multiple
projects, or distribute it to other people. If instead you only want to write
a small amount of Java code for a single project, then a [Java or Kotlin
source code plug-in](AndroidJavaSourcePlugins.html) might be more appropriate.

## Import a JAR plug-in

To import a [JAR plug-in](AndroidJARPlugins.html) (AAR) plug-in into your
Unity Project:

  1. Copy the `.jar` file to your Unity Project’s **Assets** folder.
  2. Select the `.jar` file in Unity and view it in the **Inspector** A Unity window that displays information about the currently selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector).

  3. In the **Select platforms for plugin** section, select **Android**.
  4. Select **Apply**.

## Additional resources

  * [Android plug-in types](android-plugin-types.html)
  * [Call Java and Kotlin plug-in code from C# scripts](android-plugins-java-code-from-c-sharp.html)

[](android-aar-import.html)

Import an Android Archive plug-in

[](AndroidNativePlugins.html)

Native plug-ins for Android

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

