[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AnimationMaskOnImportedClips.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AnimationMaskOnImportedClips.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AnimationMaskOnImportedClips.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AnimationMaskOnImportedClips.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AnimationMaskOnImportedClips.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AnimationMaskOnImportedClips.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AnimationMaskOnImportedClips.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AnimationMaskOnImportedClips.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Working with GameObjects](working-with-gameobjects.html)
  * [Models](models.html)
  * [Importing models into Unity](models-importing.html)
  * [Model Import Settings window](class-FBXImporter.html)
  * [Animation tab](class-AnimationClip.html)
  * Mask

[](AnimationEventsOnImportedClips.html)

Events

[](AnimationRootMotionNodeOnImportedClips.html)

Motion

# Mask

Masking allows you to discard some of the animation data within a clip,
allowing the clip to animate only parts of the object or character rather than
the entire thing. For example, if you had a character with a throwing
animation. If you wanted to be able to use the throwing animation in
conjunction with various other body movements such as running, crouching and
jumping, you could create a mask for the throwing animation limiting it to
just the right arm, upper body and head. This portion of the animation can
then be played in a layer over the top of the base running or jumping
animations.

Masking can be applied to your build, making filesize and memory smaller. It
also makes for faster processing speed because there is less animation data to
blend at run-time. In some cases, import masking may not be suitable for your
purposes. In that case you can use the layer settings of the **Animator
Controller** Controls animation through Animation Layers with Animation State
Machines and Animation Blend Trees, controlled by Animation Parameters. The
same Animator Controller can be referenced by multiple models with Animator
components. [More info](class-AnimatorController.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimatorController) to apply a mask at run-
time. This page relates to masking in the import settings.

To apply a mask to an imported **animation clip** Animation data that can be
used for animated characters or simple animations. It is a simple “unit” piece
of motion, such as (one specific instance of) “Idle”, “Walk” or “Run”. [More
info](class-AnimationClip.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationClip), expand the Mask heading to
reveal the Mask options. When you open the menu, you’ll see three options:
Definition, Humanoid and Transform.

![The Mask Definition, Humanoid and Transform
options](../uploads/Main/AnimationInspectorMaskOptions.png) The Mask
Definition, Humanoid and Transform options

## Definition

Allows you to specify whether you want to create a one-off mask in the
**inspector** A Unity window that displays information about the currently
selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and
edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) specially for this clip, or whether
you want to use an existing mask asset from your project.

If you want to create a one-off mask just for this clip, choose / Create From
This Model /.

If you are going to set up multiple clips with the same mask, you should
select / Copy From Other Mask / and use a mask asset. This allows you to re-
use a single mask definition for many clips.

When Copy From Other Mask is selected, the Humanoid and Transform options are
unavailable, since these relate to creating a one-off mask within the
inspector for this clip.

![Here, the Copy From Other option is selected, and a Mask asset has been
assigned](../uploads/Main/AnimationInspectorMaskCopyFromOther.png) Here, the
Copy From Other option is selected, and a Mask asset has been assigned

## Humanoid

The Humanoid option gives you a quick way of defining a mask by selecting or
deselecting the body parts of a human diagram. These can be used if the
animation has been marked as humanoid and has a valid **avatar** An interface
for retargeting animation from one rig to another. [More
info](ConfiguringtheAvatar.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Avatar).

![The Humanoid mask selection
option](../uploads/Main/AnimationInspectorMaskHumanoidSelection.png) The
Humanoid mask selection option

## Transform

This option allows you to specify a mask based on the individual bones or
moving parts of the animation. This gives you finer control over the exact
mask definition, and also allows you to apply masks to non-humanoid animation
clips.

![The Transform mask selection
option](../uploads/Main/AnimationInspectorMaskTransformSelection.png) The
Transform mask selection option

[](AnimationEventsOnImportedClips.html)

Events

[](AnimationRootMotionNodeOnImportedClips.html)

Motion

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

