[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AnimationOverview.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AnimationOverview.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AnimationOverview.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AnimationOverview.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AnimationOverview.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AnimationOverview.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AnimationOverview.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AnimationOverview.html)

  * [Animation](AnimationSection.html)
  * Mecanim Animation system

[](AnimationSection.html)

Animation

[](AnimationClips.html)

Animation clips

# Mecanim Animation system

The Mecanim Animation system is based on [animation
clips](AnimationClips.html)Animation data that can be used for animated
characters or simple animations. It is a simple “unit” piece of motion, such
as (one specific instance of) “Idle”, “Walk” or “Run”. [More info](class-
AnimationClip.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationClip). An animation clip contains
information about how a character or **GameObject** The fundamental object in
Unity scenes, which can represent characters, props, scenery, cameras,
waypoints, and more. A GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components
attached to it. [More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) changes its position, rotation, or
other properties over time. Think of each animation clip as a recording. An
animation clip from an external source is created by an artist or animator
with third-party software, such as Autodesk® 3ds Max® or Autodesk® Maya®.

You can organize many animation clips into a structured flowchart-like system
called an [Animator Controller](class-AnimatorController.html)Controls
animation through Animation Layers with Animation State Machines and Animation
Blend Trees, controlled by Animation Parameters. The same Animator Controller
can be referenced by multiple models with Animator components. [More
info](class-AnimatorController.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimatorController). The Animator Controller
acts as a [state machine](AnimationStateMachines.html)The set of states in an
Animator Controller that a character or animated GameObject can be in, along
with a set of transitions between those states and a variable to remember the
current state. The states available will depend on the type of gameplay, but
typical states include things like idling, walking, running and jumping. [More
info](StateMachineBasics.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#StateMachine) which keeps track of the
animation clip being played and the criteria for when the next animation clip
should be played.

For example, a simple Animator Controller might contain a single animation
clip for a collectable item that spins and bounces. An Animator Controller for
a door might contain two animation clips: one for the door opening and a
second for the door closing.

A more advanced Animator Controller might contain a dozen **humanoid
animations** An animation using humanoid skeletons. Humanoid models generally
have the same basic structure, representing the major articulate parts of the
body, head and limbs. This makes it easy to map animations from one humanoid
skeleton to another, allowing retargeting and inverse kinematics. [More
info](ConfiguringtheAvatar.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Humanoidanimation) for each of a character’s
actions such as idle, turning, walking, and jogging. This Animator Controller
might use [blend trees](class-BlendTree.html) to blend between multiple
animation clips and provide fluid motion as the player moves around the
**scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of
each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your
environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing and building
your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene).

The Mecanim Animation system also provides special features for handling
humanoid characters including the ability to [retarget](Retargeting.html)
animation from one source to another and adjust [muscle
definitions](MuscleDefinitions.html)This allows you to have more intuitive
control over the character’s skeleton. When an Avatar is in place, the
Animation system works in muscle space, which is more intuitive than bone
space. [More info](MuscleDefinitions.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Muscledefinition) to ensure that a character
deforms correctly. For example, you can retarget animation from a third-party
animation library to your own character then adjust the its range of motion.
These special features are available through Unity’s
[Avatar](AvatarCreationandSetup.html)An interface for retargeting animation
from one rig to another. [More info](ConfiguringtheAvatar.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Avatar) system which maps humanoid characters
to a common internal format.

The Animation Clips, the Animator Controller, and the Avatar, are connected
together through a GameObject with the [Animator Component](class-
Animator.html)A component on a model that animates that model using the
Animation system. The component has a reference to an Animator Controller
asset that controls the animation. [More info](class-AnimatorController.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimatorComponent). This component references
an Animator Controller and, if required, the Avatar for the model. The
Animator Controller also references its animation clips.

![How the parts of the Mecanim Animation system connect
together](../uploads/Main/MecanimHowItFitsTogether.jpg) How the parts of the
Mecanim Animation system connect together

The previous diagram demonstrates the following workflow:

  1. Animation clips are [imported from an external source](class-AnimationClip.html) or created within Unity. In this example, they are [imported humanoid animations](ConfiguringtheAvatar.html).
  2. Animation clips are placed and arranged in an Animator Controller. This demonstrates an Animator Controller in the **Animator window** The window where the Animator Controller is visualized and edited. [More info](AnimatorWindow.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimatorWindow). The States, which may
represent animations or nested sub-state machines, display as nodes connected
by lines. This Animator Controller exists as an asset in the **Project
window** A window that shows the contents of your `Assets` folder (Project
tab) [More info](ProjectView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Projectwindow).

  3. The rigged character model, an astronaut named `Astrella`, has a specific configuration of bones mapped to Unity’s [Avatar](class-Avatar.html) format. The mapping is stored as an Avatar asset, under the imported character model in the Project window.
  4. When animating the character model, it has an Animator component attached. In the **Inspector** A Unity window that displays information about the currently selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) window, the [Animator
Component](class-Animator.html) has the [Animator Controller](class-
AnimatorController.html) and the [Avatar](class-Avatar.html) assigned. The
animator uses these together to animate the model. The Avatar reference is
only necessary when animating a humanoid character. For [other types of
animation](GenericAnimations.html), only an Animator Controller is required.

The following topics provide more details on the Mecanim Animation system:

  * [Animation Clips](AnimationClips.html)
  * [Humanoid Avatars](AvatarCreationandSetup.html)
  * [Animator component](class-Animator.html)
  * [Animator Controller](class-AnimatorController.html)
  * [Animator Override Controller](AnimatorOverrideController.html)Allows you to create multiple variants of an Animator Controller, with each variant using a different set of animations, while retaining the original Controller’s structure, parameters and logic. [More info](AnimatorOverrideController.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimatorOverrideController)

  * [Playables API](Playables.html)
  * [Performance and Optimization](MecanimPeformanceandOptimization.html)
  * [Mecanim FAQ](MecanimFAQ.html)

[](AnimationSection.html)

Animation

[](AnimationClips.html)

Animation clips

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

