[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/api-search-provider-class.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/api-search-provider-class.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/api-search-provider-class.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/api-search-provider-class.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/api-search-provider-class.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/api-search-provider-class.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/api-search-provider-class.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/api-search-provider-class.html)

  * [The Unity Editor](unity-editor.html)
  * [Unity Search](search-overview.html)
  * [Creating a custom Search Provider](api.html)
  * The SearchProvider class

[](api.html)

Creating a custom Search Provider

[](api-register-provider.html)

Registering a Search Provider

# The SearchProvider class

The **[SearchProvider](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider.html)** class
executes searches for specific types of items, and manages thumbnails,
descriptions, and sub-filters.

It has the following basic API:

    
    
    public class SearchProvider
    {
        public SearchProvider(string id, string displayName = null);
    
        // Creates an Item bound to this provider.
        public SearchItem CreateItem(string id, string label = null, string description = null, Texture2D thumbnail = null);
    
        // Utility functions to check whether the search text matches a string.
        public static bool MatchSearchGroups(string searchContext, string content);
        public static bool MatchSearchGroups(string searchContext, string content,
                                            out int startIndex, out int endIndex);
    
        // The provider's unique ID.
        public NameId name;
        // Text token to "filter" a provider (for example, "me:", "p:", and "s:").
        public string filterId;
        // This provider is only active when a search explicitly specifies it with
        // its filterId.
        public bool isExplicitProvider;
        // Handler to fetch and format the label of a search item.
        public FetchStringHandler fetchLabel;
        // Handler to provide an async description for an item. Called just before
        // Search displays the item.
        // Allows a plug-in provider to fetch long descriptions only when
        // Search needs them.
        public FetchStringHandler fetchDescription;
        // Handler to provider an async thumbnail for an item. Called just before
        // Search displays the item.
        // Allows a plug-in provider to fetch/generate previews only when
        // Search needs them.
        public PreviewHandler fetchThumbnail;
        // Handler to support drag interactions. It is up to the SearchProvider
        // to properly set up the DragAndDrop manager.
        public StartDragHandler startDrag;
        // Called when the selection changes and Search can track it.
        public TrackSelectionHandler trackSelection;
        // MANDATORY: Handler to get items for a search context.
        public GetItemsHandler fetchItems;
        // A Search Provider can return a list of words that help the user complete
        // their search query.
        public GetKeywordsHandler fetchKeywords;
        // List of sub-filters that are visible in the FilterWindow for a
        // SearchProvider (see AssetProvider for an example).
        public List<NameId> subCategories;
        // Called when the Search window opens. Allows the Provider to perform
        // some caching.
        public Action onEnable;
        // Called when the Search window closes. Allows the Provider to release
        // cached resources.
        public Action onDisable;
        // Int to sort the Provider. Affects the order of search results and the
        // order in which providers are shown in the FilterWindow.
        public int priority;
        // Called when Search opens in "contextual mode". If you return true
        // it means the provider is enabled for this search context.
        public IsEnabledForContextualSearch isEnabledForContextualSearch;
    }
    

## Caching and releasing resources

When you launch the Search window, it calls
[`onEnable`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-onEnable.html), which
you can use to cache resources.

When you close the Search window, it calls
[`onDisable`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-onDisable.html), which
you can use to release resources.

## Initialization

Because the Search item list uses a virtual scrolling algorithm, some
[`SearchItem`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchItem.html) fields (for example,
[`label`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchItem-label.html),
[`thumbnail`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchItem-thumbnail.html), and
[`description`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchItem-description.html)) are
fetched on demand, if they are not already provided.

To populate those fields after the items are created, you need to initialize
the [`SearchProvider`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider.html) with
specific handlers ([`fetchLabel`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-
fetchLabel.html),
[`fetchDescription`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-
fetchDescription.html),
[`fetchThumbnail`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-
fetchThumbnail.html)).

## Tracking item selection

You can register a callback on
[`trackSelection`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-
trackSelection.html) to have Search do something whenever you select an item
in the search results using the mouse or the keyboard. For example, the
[Asset](search-assets.html)Any media or data that can be used in your game or
project. An asset may come from a file created outside of Unity, such as a 3D
Model, an audio file or an image. You can also create some asset types in
Unity, such as an Animator Controller, an Audio Mixer or a Render Texture.
[More info](AssetWorkflow.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Asset) and [Scene](search-scene.html)A Scene
contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene
file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles,
and decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) providers use the
[`trackSelection`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-
trackSelection.html) callback to ping the selected item in Search.

## Enabling drag and drop

Some Search Providers return items that you can drag and drop into the Scene.
If you are creating a custom provider whose items support drag and drop,
implement [`startDrag`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-
startDrag.html).

For example, the [Asset](search-assets.html) and [Scene](search-scene.html)
providers populate the `DragAndDrop` structure with the relevant item UIDs to
allow proper drag and drop interactions.

## Including a provider in a contextual search

When you open the Search window with the **Alt Shift + C** shortcut, it starts
a contextual search, meaning Search searches the window that has focus.

When you launch a contextual search, providers that override
[`isEnabledForContextualSearch`](../ScriptReference/Search.SearchProvider-
isEnabledForContextualSearch.html) check to see if they should be enabled, as
in the following example:

    
    
    // Taken from Scene hierarchy provider:
    // Makes the provider part of the contextual search if the Scene view or the
    // Hierarchy window has focus.
    isEnabledForContextualSearch = () =>
                    QuickSearchTool.IsFocusedWindowTypeName("SceneView") ||
                    QuickSearchTool.IsFocusedWindowTypeName("SceneHierarchyWindow");
    

[](api.html)

Creating a custom Search Provider

[](api-register-provider.html)

Registering a Search Provider

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

