[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetBundles-Building.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Building.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Building.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Building.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetBundles-Building.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Building.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Building.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Building.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Asset workflow](AssetWorkflow.html)
  * [AssetBundles](AssetBundlesIntro.html)
  * Output of the Build

[](AssetBundles-Dependencies.html)

AssetBundle Dependencies

[](AssetBundles-Native.html)

Using AssetBundles Natively

# Output of the Build

The earlier “AssetBundle workflow” section describes how to build AssetBundles
using `BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles`. That API call writes the results of
the build process into the specified output directory, including the
AssetBundle files and a .manifest file for each AssetBundle. This section
describes the details of the files written by the build process.

#### The AssetBundle File

This is the file that lacks the .manifest extension and what you’ll be loading
in at runtime in order to load your Assets.

The AssetBundle file is an archive that contains multiple files internally.
This is an example structure for a normal AssetBundle:

![](../uploads/Main/AssetBundles-Building-0.png)

The main file uses Unity’s binary SerializedFile format. It contains the
AssetBundle object and the objects from all the Assets that are included
(explicitly or implicitly) in the AssetBundle. Any audio, video content would
be stored in a .resource file, and any texture data would be stored in a .resS
file.

The content inside a **Scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus of
your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene,
you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing
and building your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) AssetBundle is similar, but it is
optimized for stream loading of individual Scenes. It will contain two
SerializedFiles per scene.

#### The Manifest File

For every AssetBundle generated, including the additional Manifest Bundle, an
associated manifest file is generated. The manifest file has the extension
.manifest and can be opened with any text editor. It contains information such
as the cyclic redundancy check (CRC) data and dependency data for the bundle.
The manifest files for normal AssetBundles will look something like this:

    
    
    ManifestFileVersion: 0
    CRC: 2422268106
    Hashes:
      AssetFileHash:
        serializedVersion: 2
        Hash: 8b6db55a2344f068cf8a9be0a662ba15
      TypeTreeHash:
        serializedVersion: 2
        Hash: 37ad974993dbaa77485dd2a0c38f347a
    HashAppended: 0
    ClassTypes:
    - Class: 91
      Script: {instanceID: 0}
    Assets:
      Asset_0: Assets/Mecanim/StateMachine.controller
    Dependencies: {}
    

Which shows the contained assets, dependencies, and other information.

#### The Manifest Bundle

There are two additional files generated by the build.

The first is a small AssetBundle that is named after the directory that it’s
located in (where the AssetBundles were built to). This file is called the
`Manifest Bundle` and it contains the
[AssetBundleManifest](../ScriptReference/AssetBundleManifest.html) object
which will be useful for figuring out which bundle dependencies to load at
runtime. To learn more about how to use this bundle and the manifest object,
see documentation on [Using AssetBundles Natively](AssetBundles-Native.html).

A .manifest file is also generated for the Manifest Bundle. Its content will
look something like this:

    
    
    ManifestFileVersion: 0
    AssetBundleManifest:
      AssetBundleInfos:
        Info_0:
          Name: scene1assetbundle
          Dependencies: {}
    

The .manifest file for the Manifest Bundle records how AssetBundles relate,
and what their dependencies are. This is similar to the information recorded
by the AssetBundleManifest object, inside the Manifest Bundle, and because it
is a text file it is convenient for human readability and parsing by external
tools. This .manifest file is important for preventing `code stripping` for
types that you use in your AssetBundle, if those types are not used by the
content in your Player Build. If code stripping is enabled in your **Player
Settings** Settings that let you set various player-specific options for the
final game built by Unity. [More info](class-PlayerSettings.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#PlayerSettings) then you should pass the path
to this manifest when performing Player Builds, by setting
[BuildPlayerOptions.assetBundleManifestPath](../ScriptReference/BuildPlayerOptions-
assetBundleManifestPath.html). For more information about code stripping see
[Distribution size and code stripping](webgl-distributionsize-
codestripping.html).

Note: When building using the Addressables package instead of
`BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles` the same format of AssetBundle file is
written, but there are no manifest files, and no Manifest Bundle is generated.
Refer to the [Addressables
documentation](http://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.addressables@latest/index.html)
for more details.

[](AssetBundles-Dependencies.html)

AssetBundle Dependencies

[](AssetBundles-Native.html)

Using AssetBundles Natively

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

