[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreMassLabeler.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreMassLabeler.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreMassLabeler.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreMassLabeler.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreMassLabeler.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreMassLabeler.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreMassLabeler.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreMassLabeler.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Publish to the Asset Store](AssetStorePublishing.html)
  * Adding tags to published packages

[](AssetStoreSupport.html)

Providing support to your customers

[](AssetStoreAnalytics.html)

Connecting your account to Google Analytics

# Adding tags to published packages

You can define a list of tags to influence your Asset’s results in **Asset
Store** A growing library of free and commercial assets created by Unity and
members of the community. Offers a wide variety of assets, from textures,
models and animations to whole project examples, tutorials and Editor
extensions. [More info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore) searches.

**Note** : This section describes how to add tags to Assets that you have
already published. You can also add keywords to improve your package’s
discoverability. You can add keywords to the
[Metadata](AssetStoreCreatePkg.html#metadata) section of your package at every
step in the publishing process.

## Choosing which tags to use

Before you add tags for your package, think about what kind of search terms
you expect customers to use in order to find your Asset. Think about how users
search. Choose the right tags in combination with your description to optimize
search engine results. For example, if your Asset is a 3D Model of a
spaceship, don’t use “3D” as a tag. You can use “spaceship” and any other tags
that describe or differentiate your spaceship from similar Assets.

Separate your tags by whitespace, and ensure the whole string contains less
than 256 characters.

## How to add tags to an Asset

Tags make your Assets easier for potential customers to locate within the
store when using the search bar. To add tags to an existing Asset, you need to
create a new package draft for it and then submit the new draft for re-
publishing:

  1. Log into your [Publisher Account](https://publisher.assetstore.unity3d.com/).

  2. Navigate to the **Packages** tab. Your package drafts and published packages appear in the **Published Packages** list:

![The list in this image contains one package draft \(A\) and four packages
that have already been published on the Asset Store
\(B\).](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreMassLabeler-open.png) The list in this image
contains one package draft (A) and four packages that have already been
published on the Asset Store (B).

  3. Click the link for the published package you want to edit. The published package detail page appears. 

  4. Navigate to the bottom of the **Metadata & Artwork** section.

![The Tags box appears below the Metadata & Artwork
section](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreMassLabeler-tags.png) The Tags box appears
below the Metadata & Artwork section

  5. Enter your list of tags separated with commas in the **Tags** text box and click **Add**.

![The tags you add appear underneath the Tags input
box](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreMassLabeler-add.png) The tags you add appear
underneath the Tags input box

  6. When you are done adding tags, click the **Go Back** button at the top of the page to return to the main package draft page.

[](AssetStoreSupport.html)

Providing support to your customers

[](AssetStoreAnalytics.html)

Connecting your account to Google Analytics

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

