[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreUpload.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreUpload.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreUpload.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreUpload.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreUpload.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreUpload.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreUpload.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreUpload.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Publish to the Asset Store](AssetStorePublishing.html)
  * Uploading assets to your package

[](AssetStoreDeletePkg.html)

Deleting a package draft

[](AssetStorePkgDetails.html)

Filling in the package details

# Uploading assets to your package

After you create a package draft, you can add your assets and upload them to
this package draft. There are two ways to do this:

  * Open the Project containing the assets you want to upload inside the Unity Editor.
  * Go to the **Create new package** page, navigate to the [Package upload](AssetStorePkgDetails.html#upload) section, and click the **Launch Unity** button to launch Unity and open your Project.

To prevent confusion during upload and import for your users, make sure that
the assets you want to upload are inside a top-level folder with the same
title as your submission. This folder contains all of the components for your
Project:

![Your Unity Project with the assets inside a top-level
folder](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreUpload-prj.png) Your Unity Project with the
assets inside a top-level folder

**Note** : If your package contains audio or video files, you must upload
samples of your media assets in the [Audio/Video
section](AssetStorePkgDetails.html#audvid) of your package draft’s **Package
Detail** section.

To upload assets to your package:

  1. Download the [Asset Store Tools](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/utilities/asset-store-publishing-tools-115) package from the **Asset Store** A growing library of free and commercial assets created by Unity and members of the community. Offers a wide variety of assets, from textures, models and animations to whole project examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore).

  2. Open the Unity Project containing the content you want to submit to the Asset Store and import the Asset Store Tools into it.

  3. From the main menu of the Unity Editor, select **Asset Store Tools** > **Package Upload**.

The **Publisher Login** dialog box appears, prompting you to enter your
publisher credentials:

![Enter the Email and Password you used to create your publisher account. If
you dont have a publisher account, you can click the Create Publisher ID
button to create one.](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreUpload-login.png) Enter the
Email and Password you used to create your publisher account. If you don’t
have a publisher account, you can click the Create Publisher ID button to
create one.

The Package Upload tool displays your drafts and packages in the **Package
Upload** window:

![Select the package draft and the Asset folder to upload to
it](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreUpload-upload.png) Select the package draft and
the Asset folder to upload to it

  4. If you don’t see your package draft in the list, click the **Refresh Packages** button in the top right corner.

  5. Select the package draft you want to use from the list.

  6. Click the **Select** button to choose the folder that contains the assets you want to upload from the file browser. You can only select one folder, and if the selected folder is empty, an error message appears when you click the **Validate** or **Upload** button. 

  7. Click the **Validate** button to display the Validator window. 

![Click the Scan button to see Validation
results](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreUpload-validate.png) Click the **Scan**
button to see Validation results

  8. Click the **Scan** button to check your package for any problems. You should fix these problems before submitting your package for approval. When you are finished, close the window to return to the **Package Upload** window. 

  9. Click **Upload** to connect your assets to your package. The status bar next to the title of your selected folder shows the progress of the upload. When the upload is finished, a dialog box appears letting you know whether or not the upload was successful.

  10. To test out the newly created `.unitypackage` file, create a new Unity Project and import the package into it.

You can close the window and return to your Publisher Account page where you
can [make any final changes](AssetStorePkgDetails.html) to your package draft
and [submit your package for final approval](AssetStoreSubmit.html).

[](AssetStoreDeletePkg.html)

Deleting a package draft

[](AssetStorePkgDetails.html)

Filling in the package details

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

