[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetPackagesOrganize.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetPackagesOrganize.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetPackagesOrganize.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetPackagesOrganize.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetPackagesOrganize.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetPackagesOrganize.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetPackagesOrganize.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetPackagesOrganize.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Asset Store packages](AssetStorePackages.html)
  * Finding your Asset Store packages

[](AssetPackagesPurchase.html)

Purchase or download a package from the Asset Store

[](AssetPackagesLabels.html)

Using labels to organize My Assets

# Finding your Asset Store packages

If you own a lot of packages from the **Asset Store** A growing library of
free and commercial assets created by Unity and members of the community.
Offers a wide variety of assets, from textures, models and animations to whole
project examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More
info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore), it might be difficult to find
what you need on the **My Assets** list. The Asset Store provides tools to
help organize and find what you need.

To access the packages you purchased and downloaded from the Asset Store,
click the **My Assets** link **(A)** or select **My Assets** from your profile
drop-down menu **(B)**.

![Access My Assets from either the link or your profiles drop-down
menu](../uploads/Main/AssetPackagesOrganize.png) Access **My Assets** from
either the link or your profile’s drop-down menu

The **My Assets** page lists the packages you purchased or downloaded from the
Asset Store. The list matches any searches, filters, sorting, or categories
you select.

![](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreMyAssets.png)

**(A)** [Labels](AssetPackagesLabels.html) allow you to organize your packages
from the Asset Store, like buckets that you put the assets into so you can
find them again. You can also toggle between hiding and showing your packages
from the Asset Store.

**(B)** Click **Manage my labels** to go to edit mode, where you can apply
changes to more than one package at a time.

**(C)** The search box lets you search for a package by entering a keyword.
Keywords can include the package’s name, a word or phrase in its description,
or a file name matching any files in the package.

**(D)** Click **Open in Unity** to load the Unity Hub so you can pick the
project where you can add your package.

**(E)** The filter sidebar helps narrow down the list of packages displayed.
You can apply these filters to any searches, categories, selections, or
sorting schemes you make:

  * Choose one **Status** to remove any package that doesn’t match. For example, if you choose **Unlabeled** , then only those packages that you never assigned a label to appear in the list.
  * Choose any of the **Labels** that you [applied to your Asset Store packages](AssetPackagesLabels.html) before. You can search for a label name, if the list is long. If you select more than one label, then only those packages that match any one label remain in the list.
  * Choose any of the categories and subcategories to keep all packages from the Asset Store that match any selection.
  * Search for a publisher by name.

## Hiding packages from the My Assets list

You can mark packages as hidden in your **My Assets** list on the Unity Asset
Store. For example, if you no longer need a deprecated package, hiding it from
your list in the Asset Store or the Package Manager window can reduce the
clutter. Because you can’t remove Asset Store packages from your account, this
is the equivalent of deleting the package from your account.

To hide your asset, under the **Release Notes** for your assets, click **Hide
asset**.

![The Hide asset link and the Hidden Assets status checkbox in the My Assets
list on the Asset Store](../uploads/Main/AssetPackage-hide.png) The **Hide
asset** link and the **Hidden Assets** status checkbox in the **My Assets**
list on the Asset Store

If you need to access them again, you can always select the **Hidden Assets**
status from the filter sidebar.

![Remove the Hidden asset marker to display the package in the My Assets list
again](../uploads/Main/AssetPackage-show.png) Remove the **Hidden asset**
marker to display the package in the **My Assets** list again

To stop hiding a package from the Asset Store, you can click the **x** on the
**Hidden asset** marker.

To hide several assets at once:

  1. Click **Manage my labels** to display checkboxes next to each package in the **My Assets** list. A set of group links also appear at the top.

![In edit mode, checkboxes appear beside each package and links that apply to
all selected packages](../uploads/Main/AssetPackage-masslabel.png) In edit
mode, checkboxes appear beside each package and links that apply to all
selected packages

  2. Enable **Select all** to select all packages at once or click the checkbox beside each package you want to include.

  3. Click **Hide asset** to mark the selected packages as hidden.

The hidden packages disappear from the **My Assets** list.

  4. To exit the edit mode, click **Done**.

[](AssetPackagesPurchase.html)

Purchase or download a package from the Asset Store

[](AssetPackagesLabels.html)

Using labels to organize My Assets

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

