[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreSubmit.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreSubmit.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreSubmit.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreSubmit.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreSubmit.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreSubmit.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreSubmit.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreSubmit.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Publish to the Asset Store](AssetStorePublishing.html)
  * Submitting your package for approval

[](AssetStorePkgDetails.html)

Filling in the package details

[](AssetStoreStatus.html)

Viewing the status of your Asset Store submissions

# Submitting your package for approval

When your package is ready and you want to publish it to the **Asset Store** A
growing library of free and commercial assets created by Unity and members of
the community. Offers a wide variety of assets, from textures, models and
animations to whole project examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More
info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore), you need to submit it for review
before Unity can approve it for publication:

  1. Open the [Asset Store Publisher](https://publisher.assetstore.unity3d.com/) portal, and navigate to the **Packages** tab.

  2. Select **Draft** from the Package Status drop-down menu.

![The Package Status drop-down menu is to the right of the Create New Package
button](../uploads/Main/AssetStorePackagesInDraft.png) The Package Status
drop-down menu is to the right of the Create New Package button

  3. Click the link to the package you want to submit.

The **Create new package** page appears with your package information.

  4. You can fill out the **Package Detail** and **Metadata & Artwork** sections. If you need help, follow the instructions under Creating a new package draft

  5. Under the **Package upload** section, click **Edit** to set information about the quality of your package for build platforms, Editor versions, compatible **render pipelines** A series of operations that take the contents of a Scene, and displays them on a screen. Unity lets you choose from pre-built render pipelines, or write your own. [More info](render-pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Renderpipeline), and any other Asset
dependencies.

Alternatively, you can click **Remove** to remove the uploaded Assets from the
package draft. In that case, you need to re-upload your package Assets.

  6. Under the [Review](AssetStorePkgDetails.html#Review) section, click **Preview in Asset Store** to preview how your package will look in the Asset Store after publication. You can also preview the URLs under **Public links**.

  7. Under the [Submit package for approval](AssetStorePkgDetails.html#Submit) section:

     * Enable **Auto publish** to indicate that you want the package to appear in the Asset Store as soon as Unity approves it.

     * Enable the **I own the rights to sell these assets** checkbox.

![You have to own the rights to these Assets to submit your package to the
Asset Store](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreSubmit.png) You have to own the rights
to these Assets to submit your package to the Asset Store

  8. Click **Submit** to start the approval process.

A dialog appears that asks you to confirm whether you want to submit your
package. The Asset Store team will consider whether to publish your package.
You can give information to help evaluate your package, such as the reason for
publication or what you fixed (in the case of an upgrade).

  9. Enter your message to the Asset Store team, such as “You will need to download an X asset to be able to fully test this asset” or “You need to use High Definition Render Pipeline to test this asset.”

![Submit package for
approval](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreSubmissionConfirmation.png) Submit package
for approval

  10. Select **OK** to complete your submission or **Cancel** to stop the submission process.

When you select **OK** , a message appears that lets you know you whether you
submitted your package successfully (**Version submitted.**) or not (**An
error has occurred** , with a list of issues to fix).

**Note:** The Asset Store team will take at least 5 business days to analyze
your submission. If you don’t hear back after a month or longer, contact [the
Unity support team](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=65905&_ga=2.71465235.1219756845.1585343727-1395087459.1585343727).

[](AssetStorePkgDetails.html)

Filling in the package details

[](AssetStoreStatus.html)

Viewing the status of your Asset Store submissions

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

