[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetBundles-Patching.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Patching.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Patching.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Patching.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetBundles-Patching.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Patching.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Patching.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetBundles-Patching.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Asset workflow](AssetWorkflow.html)
  * [AssetBundles](AssetBundlesIntro.html)
  * Patching with AssetBundles

[](AssetBundles-Cache.html)

AssetBundle compression and caching

[](AssetBundles-Troubleshooting.html)

Troubleshooting

# Patching with AssetBundles

Patching AssetBundles is as simple as downloading a new AssetBundle and
replacing the existing one. If
[UnityWebRequestAssetBundle.GetAssetBundle](../ScriptReference/UnityWebRequestAssetBundle.GetAssetBundle.html)
is used to manage an application’s cached AssetBundles, passing a different
version or hash parameter will trigger a download of the new AssetBundles.

The more difficult problem to solve in the patching system is detecting which
AssetBundles to replace. A patching system requires two lists of information:

  * A list of the currently downloaded AssetBundles, and their versioning information
  * A list of the AssetBundles on the server, and their versioning information

The patcher should download the list of server-side AssetBundles and compare
the AssetBundle lists. Missing AssetBundles, or AssetBundles whose versioning
information has changed, should be re-downloaded.

Unity does not provide any built-in mechanism for differential patching and
`UnityWebRequestAssetBundle.GetAssetBundle` does not perform differential
patching when using the built-in caching system. Instead it always downloads
the new AssetBundle file in its entirety. If differential patching is a
requirement, then a custom downloader must be written. Unity builds
AssetBundles with data ordered in a deterministic manner, so a file patch for
a rebuilt AssetBundle can potentially be much smaller than the full file. The
uncompressed or chunk-based **compression** A method of storing data that
reduces the amount of storage space it requires. See [Texture
Compression](class-TextureImporterOverride), [Animation Compression](class-
AnimationClip.html#AssetProperties), [Audio Compression](class-
AudioClip.html), [Build Compression](ReducingFilesize.html).  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#compression) (LZ4) will patch better than the
default full file compression (LZMA). Most developers who write their own
system choose to use an industry-standard data format for their AssetBundle
file lists, such as JSON, and a standard C# class for computing file content
hashes, such as MD5. The file content hash can serve as an AssetBundle
version, or you can use more traditional version numbers if those are
generated by your build systems.

[](AssetBundles-Cache.html)

AssetBundle compression and caching

[](AssetBundles-Troubleshooting.html)

Troubleshooting

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

