[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStorePayouts.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStorePayouts.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStorePayouts.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStorePayouts.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStorePayouts.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStorePayouts.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStorePayouts.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStorePayouts.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Publish to the Asset Store](AssetStorePublishing.html)
  * Collecting revenue

[](AssetStoreStatus.html)

Viewing the status of your Asset Store submissions

[](AssetStoreSupport.html)

Providing support to your customers

# Collecting revenue

You can receive automated payouts for your **Asset Store** A growing library
of free and commercial assets created by Unity and members of the community.
Offers a wide variety of assets, from textures, models and animations to whole
project examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More
info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore) Publisher earnings either monthly
(through PayPal) or quarterly (through a bank transfer). You need to set up a
payout profile so that Unity knows how you want to get paid, and whether your
tax authority requires tax withholding on revenue.

**Note** : The Unity Asset Store currently only supports payouts in USD.

## Setting up your payout profile

To set up your payout profile:

  1. Log in to the [Unity ID](https://id.unity.com/) portal.

  2. Go to the [Asset Store Publisher](https://publisher.assetstore.unity3d.com/info.html) portal. 

  3. Open the **Payout** tab. The following message appears:

![Click the link on the Payout tab to go to your Unity
ID](../uploads/Main/AssetStorePayouts.png) Click the link on the Payout tab to
go to your Unity ID

  4. Click the link to update your payout data. Your Unity ID AS Publisher page appears.

![Your Unity ID AS Publisher page appears with an Add profile button if you
havent set up your payout profile yet](../uploads/Main/AssetStorePayouts2.png)
Your Unity ID AS Publisher page appears with an Add profile button if you
haven’t set up your payout profile yet

  5. If you haven’t set up a payout profile yet, click the **Add profile** button. 

If you haven’t activated two-factor authentication (2FA or TFA) on your Unity
ID yet, a dialog box appears asking you to activate it.

![](../uploads/Main/AssetStorePayouts2a.png)

  6. Click **Activate TFA** to proceed and follow the instructions to set up TFA on your account. 

**Note** : Using TFA on your Publisher Account is mandatory for creating a
payout profile and receiving payment.

Once you set that up, the **Create Payout Profile** page appears.

![Create Payout Profile page for a Company
account](../uploads/Main/AssetStorePayouts3.png) Create Payout Profile page
for a Company account

  7. Follow the instructions on the [Asset Store FAQ](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us/articles/360022685311-Asset-Store-automated-payouts-setup-guide) to complete your profile and set up your tax information.

[](AssetStoreStatus.html)

Viewing the status of your Asset Store submissions

[](AssetStoreSupport.html)

Providing support to your customers

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

