[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStore.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStore.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStore.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStore.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStore.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStore.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStore.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStore.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * Unity's Asset Store

[](AsyncReadManagerMetrics.html)

Asset loading metrics

[](AssetStorePackages.html)

Asset Store packages

# Unity’s Asset Store

The Unity **Asset Store** contains a library of free and commercial assets
that Unity Technologies and members of the community create. A wide variety of
assets are available, including textures, models, animations, entire project
examples, tutorials, and extensions for the Unity Editor.

Starting with Unity 2020.1, the dedicated Asset Store window is no longer
hosted inside the Unity Editor. However, you can still access the Asset Store
website at <https://assetstore.unity.com/>. Also, you can still [search](upm-
ui-find.html) for your purchased and downloaded [Asset Store
packages](AssetStorePackages.html), and [download and import](upm-ui-
import.html) them in the Package Manager window.

This section contains information for both consumers and providers of Asset
Store products:

  * [Asset Store packages](AssetStorePackages.html) contains information on how to find, acquire, and organize your packages from the Asset Store directly on the Asset Store website.
  * [Publishing to the Asset Store](AssetStorePublishing.html) helps guide package producers through the process of creating, marketing, and managing packages for Asset Store users.

## The Asset Store website

To access the Asset Store, open a web browser and go to
<https://assetstore.unity.com/>.

![Find packages on the Asset Store website and view the list of assets you
already own](../uploads/Main/AssetStore-main.png) Find packages on the Asset
Store website and view the list of assets you already own

**(A)** Collection menus help you narrow down the list of matching packages.
They group related packages from the Asset Store and display them in the list.
For example, you can select ****Terrain** The landscape in your scene. A
Terrain GameObject adds a large flat plane to your scene and you can use the
Terrain’s Inspector window to create a detailed landscape. [More
info](terrain-UsingTerrains.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Terrain)** from the **Tools** menu to view
packages that contain tools for building terrain.

**(B)** The search box lets you search for a package on the Asset Store by
entering search terms. Search terms can include the package’s name, a word or
phrase in its description, or a file name matching any files in the package.

**(C)** The toolbar links provide access to the following areas:

  * The list of purchased or downloaded assets for your account (your [My Assets](AssetPackagesOrganize.html) page)
  * The list of **Saved Assets** you marked as favorites
  * Your **Shopping Cart**
  * Asset Store **Applications** , such as **Dashboard** , **Distribute** , **Forum** , and **Learn**
  * Your **Unity ID** (account), where you can view and modify personal settings and account settings (including licenses), view notifications, redeem vouchers, and more.

**(D)** Filter and sort controls help narrow and order the list of packages
displayed. You can filter by **Price** (including Free) and **Rating**.

**(E)** The filter sidebar helps refine the list of packages displayed. You
can apply these filters to any searches, categories, selections, or sorting
schemes you make.

**(F)** The list of packages that match any searches, filters, sorting, or
categories you select. The Asset Store also displays suggestions and special
lists of packages here.

[](AsyncReadManagerMetrics.html)

Asset loading metrics

[](AssetStorePackages.html)

Asset Store packages

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

