[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreCreateAcct.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreCreateAcct.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreCreateAcct.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreCreateAcct.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreCreateAcct.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreCreateAcct.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreCreateAcct.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreCreateAcct.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Publish to the Asset Store](AssetStorePublishing.html)
  * Creating your Publisher Account

[](AssetStorePublishing.html)

Publish to the Asset Store

[](AssetStoreCreatePkg.html)

Creating a new package draft

# Creating your Publisher Account

Before you can create package drafts and upload Assets to them, you need to
set up a Publisher Account:

  1. If you do not yet have a Unity Account, you need to create one; to do this, go to [Create a Unity ID](https://id.unity.com/account/new). Alternatively, open the Unity **Asset Store** A growing library of free and commercial assets created by Unity and members of the community. Offers a wide variety of assets, from textures, models and animations to whole project examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore), click **Sign In** and then select
**Create a Unity Account** :

![When you click Sign In, the Unity ID login appears with another link to
Create a Unity Account.](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreCreateUnityID.png) When you
click **Sign In** , the Unity ID login appears with another link to **Create a
Unity Account**.

  2. Carefully read the [Asset Store Provider Agreement](https://unity3d.com/legal/as_provider) for legal information, and the [Submission Guidelines](https://unity3d.com/asset-store/sell-assets/submission-guidelines) to learn about the submission process.

  3. Open the [Create New Asset Store Publisher](https://publisher.assetstore.unity3d.com/create.html) page and provide the required [Profile](AssetStoreAdmin.html#Profile) information:

![Profile section](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreCreateAcct-Profile.png) Profile
section

**(A)** [Profile picture](AssetStoreAdmin.html#ProfilePicture) where you can
upload your logo or brand image

**(B)** [Publisher name](AssetStoreAdmin.html#ProfilePublisherName) where you
can specify the account name

**(C)** [Website](AssetStoreAdmin.html#ProfileWebsite) where you can set your
website’s location

**(D)** [Customer Support](AssetStoreAdmin.html#ProfileCustomerSupport) where
you can set the location for support

  4. Provide the required [Promo](AssetStoreAdmin.html#Promo) information:

![Promo section: A-Promo media, B-Promo
paragraph](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreCreateAcct-Promo.png) Promo section:
A-Promo media, B-Promo paragraph

  5. Optionally, you can also provide information in the [About](AssetStoreAdmin.html#About), [Social Media](AssetStoreAdmin.html#Social), and [Google Analytics](AssetStoreAdmin.html#Google) sections:

![Optional sections: A-About, B-Social links, C-Google
Analytics](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreCreateAcct-Optional.png) Optional
sections: A-About, B-Social links, C-Google Analytics

**Note** : You can add and modify the optional information at any time; to do
this, return to your Publisher Account page and navigate to the **Info** tab.

  6. Click the **Save and Preview** button at the bottom of the screen.

The **Asset Store Provider Agreement** dialog box asks you to confirm.

  7. Enable **Accept Terms of Service** and click **OK** to finalize creating your Asset Store Publisher Account.

  8. A dialog box appears to inform you that Unity has successfully created your Publisher Profile. Click **OK** and return to the Editor to complete the publication process.

Your new customer-facing Publisher Account page now appears in the Unity Asset
Store.

**Note** : The information you provide appears on the Asset Store on your
customer-facing Publisher Account page, with a few exceptions where indicated.
You can see Unity’s own [Publisher’s Account
page](https://assetstore.unity.com/publishers/1) for an example of a customer-
facing Publisher Account page.

[](AssetStorePublishing.html)

Publish to the Asset Store

[](AssetStoreCreatePkg.html)

Creating a new package draft

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

