[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStorePromotion.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStorePromotion.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStorePromotion.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStorePromotion.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStorePromotion.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStorePromotion.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStorePromotion.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStorePromotion.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Publish to the Asset Store](AssetStorePublishing.html)
  * Promoting your Assets

[](AssetStoreAnalytics.html)

Connecting your account to Google Analytics

[](AssetStoreRefunding.html)

Refunding your customers

# Promoting your Assets

Leading up to a sale, the **Asset Store** A growing library of free and
commercial assets created by Unity and members of the community. Offers a wide
variety of assets, from textures, models and animations to whole project
examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore) team reaches out to publishers
whose Assets fit the criteria or style of the upcoming sale. If your package
is selected, the team emails you to see if you want to take part. If so, you
can state which Asset(s) you want to enter into the sale, and discuss the
discount/sale price with the Asset Store team.

The Asset Store team often chooses sales candidates a month or two ahead of
the sale. The team chooses Asset Store packages based on which ones are likely
to market well and perform well in the Store, or which packages best fit the
specific theme of a promotion.

Unity’s Asset Store allows publishers to change the price of their Assets for
their own promotion. If you do this, you must use your own website or social
media page to advertise the promotion. You must provide details of your sale
in the description text for your Asset while the sale is on, and this must
include the regular price and the length of the promotional sale period (a
maximum of two weeks). After your sale is over, don’t change the Asset’s price
for an additional two months. Changing your price often may exclude your Asset
from official sales and promotions. For more information, see Unity’s
[Submission Guidelines](https://unity3d.com/asset-store/sell-
assets/submission-guidelines).

Unity does not allow any sale-related graphics throughout your Asset Store
package’s marketing and sales imagery. You may not promote your product as
being included in any sales or features hosted by Unity Technologies without
Unity’s permission. If any Asset Store package doesn’t respect these
guidelines, the Asset Store team might return the Asset Store package to its
former regular price without notice.

[](AssetStoreAnalytics.html)

Connecting your account to Google Analytics

[](AssetStoreRefunding.html)

Refunding your customers

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

