[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetPackagesPurchase.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetPackagesPurchase.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetPackagesPurchase.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetPackagesPurchase.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetPackagesPurchase.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetPackagesPurchase.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetPackagesPurchase.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetPackagesPurchase.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Asset Store packages](AssetStorePackages.html)
  * Purchase or download a package from the Asset Store

[](AssetStorePackages.html)

Asset Store packages

[](AssetPackagesOrganize.html)

Finding your Asset Store packages

# Purchase or download a package from the Asset Store

Approximately 10% of the **Asset Store** A growing library of free and
commercial assets created by Unity and members of the community. Offers a wide
variety of assets, from textures, models and animations to whole project
examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore)’s content is free to download. The
price of paid content ranges from $5 to $3500, depending on the size and scope
of the offering. Many publishers provide a “lite” version of their package.
These packages are available for free or at a reduced rate, so you can
determine if they meet your needs.

If you don’t have a Unity account, you need to create one before you can get a
package from the Asset Store. If you already have a Unity ID for the Unity Hub
or the Unity Editor, use the same ID for your Unity Asset Store account.

After you get a package from the Asset Store, sign in to the Hub or Editor
with the same Unity ID you used on the Asset Store. Then, use the Package
Manager window to add those Asset Store packages to your projects.

## Create a Unity account

To create a new Unity account, go to [Create a Unity
ID](https://id.unity.com/account/new) and follow the instructions. You can
also open the Unity Asset Store, select the user account icon, then select
**Create a Unity Account** :

![If you select Sign In, the Unity ID login appears with another link to
Create a Unity Account.](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreCreateUnityID.png) If you
select **Sign In** , the Unity ID login appears with another link to **Create
a Unity Account**.

## Find packages on the Asset Store

When you open the Asset Store in a web browser, the main page displays current
sales promotions and a curated list of **Popular Assets**.

You can browse through the suggestions, or search for something specific. If
you’re looking for a specific asset, you can use any of these searching,
filtering, and sorting methods alone or in combination:

  * Search by name or keyword. For example: 
    * Search for something specific, such as “fox family”.
    * Search for “FBX” to find any packages containing FBX models or tools.
    * Search for “demo” to browse for any packages with “demo” in the title.
  * Choose a category of related Asset Store packages to browse from, such as **3D** , **Audio** , **VFX** , and more.
  * If you choose a category, you can refine the results by using the filter sidebar. For example, you can select the **Audio** main category and then select the **Sound FX** subcategory.
  * Use any combination of the items on the filter sidebar to narrow down the list of Asset Store packages. For example, setting the following options narrows down the list of suggestions to include Unity’s 3D packages for iOS: 
    * **All Categories** : select **3D**
    * **Unity Versions** : select **Unity 2019.x**
    * **Publisher** : search for “unity” and select **Unity Technologies**
    * **Platforms** : select **iOS**
  * Choose a sort method from the **Sort by** menu. You can sort by relevance, popularity, rating, publish or update date, name, or price.

**Tip** : If you need to start over, select **clear filters** at the top of
the filter sidebar to reset all filter options to their default values.

## Get information about an Asset Store package

![Hover over Asset Store package thumbnails \(A\) to display the Quick Look
link \(B\)](../uploads/Main/AssetPackage-QuickLook.png) Hover over Asset Store
package thumbnails (A) to display the **Quick Look** link (B)

When you find an Asset Store package that looks interesting, you can:

  * Hover over the thumbnail **(A)** and select **QUICK LOOK** **(B)**. A dialog displays a few images or videos and some basic information.
  * Select the thumbnail **(A)** to open the Asset Store package’s main information page, which provides a full description and list of package contents. You can add the package to your **Favorites** list, read reviews, follow links to other Asset Store suggestions, and more.

Both the **Quick Look** dialog and the package’s main information page display
either of the following buttons:

  * **Buy Now** and **Add to Cart** buttons, to buy a paid Asset Store package.
  * **Add to My Assets** , to get a free Asset Store package.

## Buy a paid Asset Store package

To buy an Asset Store package:

  1. From the **Quick Look** dialog, select **Add to Cart**. From the package’s main information page, select **Buy Now** or select the **Add to Cart** icon. 

![Select Add to Cart to buy an Asset Store
package](../uploads/Main/AssetPackage-Purchase.png) Select **Add to Cart** to
buy an Asset Store package

A message confirms that the package is in your shopping cart.

  2. When you’re ready to pay for your item(s), select **Proceed to Checkout** , or access your cart and select **Checkout**.

The Checkout page appears.

![You can access the Checkout page from your shopping
cart](../uploads/Main/AssetPackage-Checkout.png) You can access the Checkout
page from your shopping cart

  3. On the **Checkout** page, enter the following information:

     * In the **Address** section, enter your address, email address, and phone number.
     * In the **Payment method** section, enter your payment details. You can pay by credit card or PayPal.
     * In the **Summary** sidebar, make sure the **Order summary** and quantities are correct.
     * Enable the **Asset Store Terms of Service and EULA**.
     * If you want to receive information from the Asset Store, enable email notifications.
     * If you have any coupons or credits from sales or special promotions, enter the code in the **Enter Coupon/Credit Code to update your price** box and select **Apply**.
  4. Select **Pay now**.

  5. When the Asset Store finishes processing your payment, it displays your newly purchased package(s) on an invoice page.

  6. Save or print this page so you can find the order number in the future. Publishers might request this number so they can confirm your purchase when providing support.

  7. When the transaction completes, you can start working with your package by selecting **Open in Unity**. If you open the Unity Editor later, the Package Manager will list your package in the **My Assets** context. 

After you buy a paid Asset Store package from the Unity Asset Store, it’s
immediately available in the Package Manager window. You must log in with the
same Unity ID you used on the Asset Store before the Package Manager displays
your package.

Information about adding Asset Store packages to your project varies by
package type. For information about adding **asset packages** A collection of
files and data from Unity projects, or elements of projects, which are
compressed and stored in one file, similar to Zip files, with the
`.unitypackage` extension. Asset packages are a handy way of sharing and re-
using Unity projects and collections of assets. [More
info](AssetPackages.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Assetpackage), refer to [Download and import
an asset package](upm-ui-import.html). For information about adding **UPM
packages** A **Package** managed by the **Unity Package Manager**. Refer to
**Packages**.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UPMpackage), refer to [Install a UPM package
from Asset Store](upm-ui-install2.html).

## Get a free Asset Store package

To get a free Asset Store package:

  1. Select **Add to My Assets**.

![Select Add to My Assets button to download a free Asset Store
package](../uploads/Main/AssetPackage-Download.png) Select **Add to My
Assets** button to download a free Asset Store package

  2. Read the **Asset Store Terms of Service and EULA** and select **Accept** if you agree to the terms.

  3. A message confirms that the package is now in your **My Assets** library. You can start working with your package by selecting **Open in Unity**. If you open the Unity Editor later, the Package Manager will list your package in the **My Assets** context. 

After you add a free Asset Store package to your **My Assets** library, it’s
immediately available in the Package Manager window. You must log in with the
same Unity ID you used on the Asset Store before the Package Manager displays
your package.

Information about adding Asset Store packages to your project varies by
package type. For information about adding asset packages, refer to [Download
and import an asset package](upm-ui-import.html). For information about adding
UPM packages, refer to [Install a UPM package from Asset Store](upm-ui-
install2.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Package types](upm-package-types.html)

[](AssetStorePackages.html)

Asset Store packages

[](AssetPackagesOrganize.html)

Finding your Asset Store packages

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

