[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreUsers.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreUsers.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreUsers.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreUsers.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStoreUsers.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStoreUsers.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStoreUsers.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStoreUsers.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Publish to the Asset Store](AssetStorePublishing.html)
  * Managing your publishing team

[](AssetStoreVouchers.html)

Issuing vouchers

[](AssetStoreAdmin.html)

Asset Store Publisher portal

# Managing your publishing team

If you are working with a team to create Assets and publish them on the
**Asset Store** A growing library of free and commercial assets created by
Unity and members of the community. Offers a wide variety of assets, from
textures, models and animations to whole project examples, tutorials and
Editor extensions. [More info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore), you probably want to associate
some of your team members with your own Publishing Account so that they can
also publish to the team’s page on the Asset Store.

The Users tab allows you to view, add, and remove other Unity Publisher
Accounts to your Publishing Account. Beyond publishing Asset Store packages,
team members that you add here can perform many [administrative
functions](AssetStoreAdmin.html). For example, when you request a refund on
behalf of the customer, the Asset Store support team checks that the
requester’s user ID matches a valid email account attached to that Publishing
Account.

To associate a user with your Publishing Account:

  1. Open the [Asset Store Publisher](https://publisher.assetstore.unity3d.com/) portal and navigate to the **Users** tab.

![Add users on the Users tab](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreUsers.png) Add users
on the Users tab

  2. Enter the email address of the team member in the **Add User** text box.

  3. Click the **Add** button beside it. A new row appears at the top of the table displaying their email and name.

![Each row displays the users email and full name and a delete icon appears on
the right side](../uploads/Main/AssetStoreUsers-remove.png) Each row displays
the user’s email and full name and a delete icon appears on the right side

To remove a user:

  * Click the delete (**X**) icon on the right side of their row.

[](AssetStoreVouchers.html)

Issuing vouchers

[](AssetStoreAdmin.html)

Asset Store Publisher portal

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

