[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStorePackages.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStorePackages.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStorePackages.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStorePackages.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/AssetStorePackages.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/AssetStorePackages.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/AssetStorePackages.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/AssetStorePackages.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * Asset Store packages

[](AssetStore.html)

Unity's Asset Store

[](AssetPackagesPurchase.html)

Purchase or download a package from the Asset Store

# Asset Store packages

Asset Store packages are collections of files and data from Unity projects, or
elements of projects. An **Asset Store** A growing library of free and
commercial assets created by Unity and members of the community. Offers a wide
variety of assets, from textures, models and animations to whole project
examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore) package type is either a **UPM
package** A **Package** managed by the **Unity Package Manager**. Refer to
**Packages**.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UPMpackage) or an **asset package** A
collection of files and data from Unity projects, or elements of projects,
which are compressed and stored in one file, similar to Zip files, with the
`.unitypackage` extension. Asset packages are a handy way of sharing and re-
using Unity projects and collections of assets. [More
info](AssetPackages.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Assetpackage) (`.unitypackage` format). When
you add an Asset Store package to your project, the Unity Package Manager
unpacks the package and maintains its directory structure and metadata about
assets. This metadata includes information such as import settings and links
to other assets.

To get an Asset Store package from Unity or a third-party publisher, start by
[searching the Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/) to find
assets that meet your needs. When you find an Asset Store package you want to
use, [buy or download](AssetPackagesPurchase.html) it in the Asset Store. You
can also make it easier to locate packages you get from the Asset Store by
[organizing your assets with labels](AssetPackagesLabels.html) and hiding
deprecated or unused packages. Refer to [hiding Asset Store
packages](AssetPackagesOrganize.html).

In the Unity Package Manager, select the [My Assets](upm-ui-filter.html)
context to view your [list of available Asset Store packages](upm-ui-
list.html). You can [search by name](upm-ui-search.html) for Asset Store
packages. When you find the Asset Store package you want to use, you can add
it to your project by using the Package Manager window. For asset packages,
refer to [Download and import an asset package](upm-ui-import.html). For UPM
packages, refer to [Install a UPM package from Asset Store](upm-ui-
install2.html). If your Asset Store package has a newer version available, you
can also update it directly in the Package Manager window. To update an asset
package, refer to [Updating an asset package](upm-ui-update2.html). To update
a UPM package, refer to [Switch to another version of a UPM package](upm-ui-
update.html).

Unity users can become publishers on the Asset Store, and sell the content
they have created. Follow the instructions in [Publishing to the Asset Store
](AssetStorePublishing.html) for [creating a package
draft](AssetStoreCreatePkg.html) and [uploading your
assets](AssetStoreUpload.html) for publication on the [Unity Asset
Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/).

## Location of downloaded asset package files

**Note** : This information applies only to asset packages you get from the
Asset Store. It doesn’t apply to UPM packages you get from the Asset Store.

You can use the Package Manager window to manage your Asset Store packages
within your project. However, if you need to access files from an asset
package directly, you can find them in the cache for asset packages. This
cache, which is separate from the [global cache](upm-cache.html), makes
reusing and sharing asset packages more efficient. You can find the cache for
asset packages in the following paths (which might be within hidden folders
depending on your computer settings):

  * macOS: `~/Library/Unity/Asset Store-5.x`
  * Windows: `C:\Users\accountName\AppData\Roaming\Unity\Asset Store-5.x`
  * Linux: `~/.local/share/unity3d/Asset Store-5.x`

These folders contain subfolders that correspond to particular Asset Store
vendors and are available after download and import. The Package Manager
stores asset files inside the subfolders using a structure defined by the
Asset Store package publisher.

You can override the default location of the cache for asset packages. For
information, refer to [Customize the asset package cache location](upm-config-
cache-as.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Package types](upm-package-types.html)

[](AssetStore.html)

Unity's Asset Store

[](AssetPackagesPurchase.html)

Purchase or download a package from the Asset Store

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

