[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/best-practice-guides.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/best-practice-guides.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/best-practice-guides.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/best-practice-guides.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/best-practice-guides.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/best-practice-guides.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/best-practice-guides.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/best-practice-guides.html)

  * [Get started with Unity](get-started-with-unity.html)
  * Advanced best practice guides

[](Quickstart3DCreate.html)

Creating a 3D game

[](unity-editor.html)

The Unity Editor

# Advanced best practice guides

Use this page to discover and learn production-tested best practices from
Unity experts. The Technical Content Marketing team at Unity created the
guides listed on this page together with industry experts, and engineers and
technical artists from Unity R&D and the Accelerate Games Solutions teams.

## Art and design

[![Create virtual and mixed reality experiences in
Unity](../uploads/Main/create-virtual-mixed-reality-
experiences.png)](https://unity.com/resources/create-virtual-mixed-reality-
experiences-unity?isGated=false)

### [Create virtual and mixed reality experiences in
Unity](https://unity.com/resources/create-virtual-mixed-reality-experiences-
unity?isGated=false)

Read this e-book to get practical tips for working with the **VR** Virtual
Reality [More info](VROverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#VR) template in Unity, the **XR** An umbrella
term encompassing Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR) and Mixed
Reality (MR) applications. Devices supporting these forms of interactive
applications can be referred to as XR devices. [More info](XR.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#XR) Interaction Toolkit, Apple Vision Pro and
visionOS, and more.

[![The definitive guide to animation in Unity](../uploads/Main/definitive-
guide-to-animation.png)](https://unity.com/resources/definitive-guide-
animation-unity-2022-lts-ebook?isGated=false)

### [The definitive guide to animation in
Unity](https://unity.com/resources/definitive-guide-animation-unity-2022-lts-
ebook?isGated=false)

This guide aims to provide animators and technical artists with an in-depth
understanding of the animation features in Unity. Learn about importing and
exporting animations, **humanoid animations** An animation using humanoid
skeletons. Humanoid models generally have the same basic structure,
representing the major articulate parts of the body, head and limbs. This
makes it easy to map animations from one humanoid skeleton to another,
allowing retargeting and inverse kinematics. [More
info](ConfiguringtheAvatar.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Humanoidanimation), shortcuts, animating
**UI**(User Interface) Allows a user to interact with your application. Unity
currently supports three UI systems. [More info](UI-system-compare.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UI), events, and more.

[![2d-game](../uploads/Main/best-practice-2d-game-art-animation-
lighting.png)](https://unity.com/resources/2d-game-art-animation-lighting-for-
artists-ebook?isGated=false)

### [2D game art, animation, and lighting for
artists](https://unity.com/resources/2d-game-art-animation-lighting-for-
artists-ebook?isGated=false)

Authored by the art director of the Unity 2D demo [Dragon
Crashers](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/essentials/tutorial-
projects/dragon-crashers-2d-sample-project-190721) and with contributions from
Unity 2D experts, this guide shows how to set up your 2D project, switch
between Unity and Autodesk, work with **sprites** A 2D graphic objects. If you
are used to working in 3D, Sprites are essentially just standard textures but
there are special techniques for combining and managing sprite textures for
efficiency and convenience during development. [More info](sprite/sprite-
landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Sprite), sort layers, and more.

[![create-better-gameplay](../uploads/Main/best-practice-create-
bettergameplay.png)](https://unity.com/resources/game-designer-
playbook?isGated=false)

### [The Unity Game Designer Playbook](https://unity.com/resources/game-
designer-playbook?isGated=false)

This guide is designed to help experienced game designers learn how to
prototype their ideas in Unity for more efficient creation and team
collaboration. Learn about visual scripting, creating input, level design
tools, microinteractions, and more.

[![Unity for artists - Key toolsets and workflows](../uploads/Main/best-
practice-blog-post.png)](https://unity.com/resources/unity-for-technical-
artists-key-toolsets-and-workflows?isGated=false)

### [Unity for Technical Artists: key toolsets and workflows (Unity 2021 LTS
edition)](https://unity.com/resources/unity-for-technical-artists-key-
toolsets-and-workflows?isGated=false)

Some of Unity’s most experienced technical artists made key contributions to
this guide. It covers working with assets, rendering pipelines, lighting,
worldbuilding, digital humans, and more.

[![Unity for artists - Key toolsets and workflows](../uploads/Main/best-
practice-blog-post2.png)](https://unity.com/resources/tech-artists-key-
toolsets?isGated=false)

### [Unity for Technical Artists: key toolsets and workflows (Unity 2020 LTS
edition)](https://unity.com/resources/tech-artists-key-toolsets?isGated=false)

Some of Unity’s most experienced technical artists made key contributions to
this guide. It covers, working with assets, rendering pipelines, lighting,
worldbuilding, digital humans, and more.

[![User interface design and implementation in Unity](../uploads/Main/best-
practice-interface-design.jpg)](https://unity.com/resources/user-interface-
design-and-implementation-in-unity?isGated=false)

### [User interface design and implementation in
Unity](https://unity.com/resources/user-interface-design-and-implementation-
in-unity?isGated=false)

This e-book provides step-by-step guidance on how to build interfaces using
Unity’s UI systems, including UI design and development concepts, asset
preparation workflows, styling, and fonts.

[![Introduction to game level design](../uploads/Main/introduction-to-game-
level-design.png)](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-to-level-design-
in-game-development-and-in-unity?isGated=false)

### [Introduction to game level
design](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-to-level-design-in-game-
development-and-in-unity?isGated=false)

Written by professional level designers in the gaming industry and Unity
product experts, this guide provides career tips and instructions on using
Unity tools suited to worldbuilding, such as Unity ProBuilder and the
**Terrain** The landscape in your scene. A Terrain GameObject adds a large
flat plane to your scene and you can use the Terrain’s Inspector window to
create a detailed landscape. [More info](terrain-UsingTerrains.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Terrain) system.

## DevOps

[![Best practices for project organization and version control \(Unity
6\)](../uploads/Main/bp-version-
control-u6.png)](https://unity.com/resources/best-practices-version-control-
unity-6)

### [Best practices for project organization and version control (Unity
6)](https://unity.com/resources/best-practices-version-control-unity-6)

This guide explains the key concepts of **version control** A system for
managing file changes. You can use Unity in conjunction with most common
version control tools, including Perforce, Git, Mercurial and PlasticSCM.
[More info](VersionControl.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#VersionControl), compares some of the
different version control systems available, and provides an introduction to
additional Unity DevOps tools like Unity Asset Manager and **Build
Automation** A continuous integration service for Unity projects that
automates the process of creating builds on Unity’s servers. [More
info](https://docs.unity.com/devops/en/manual/unity-build-automation)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#BuildAutomation).

[![Version control project organization best practices](../uploads/Main/best-
practice-devops.png)](https://unity.com/resources/version-control-project-
organization-best-practices-ebook?isGated=false)

### [Version control project organization best
practices](https://unity.com/resources/version-control-project-organization-
best-practices-ebook?isGated=false)

Learn the fundamentals of version control and project organization in Unity.
Key topics covered include setting up a Unity project with different version
control solutions, organizing a Unity project, proper folder structure, and
naming standards.

## Graphics & rendering

[![Introduction to the Universal Render Pipeline for advanced Unity creators
\(Unity 6\)](../uploads/Main/bp-introduction-to-
urp-u6.png)](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-to-urp-advanced-
creators-unity-6)

### [Introduction to the Universal Render Pipeline for advanced Unity creators
(Unity 6)](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-to-urp-advanced-creators-
unity-6)

Get in-depth guidance on how to set up URP for a new project, work with URP
Quality Settings, Adaptive Probe Volumes, URP and custom **shaders** A program
that runs on the GPU. [More info](Shaders.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Shader), HLSL includes, and more.

[![Recipes for popular visual effects using the Universal Render Pipeline
](../uploads/Main/best-practice-urp-
recipes.png)](https://unity.com/resources/the-universal-render-pipeline-
cookbook-unity-2022-lts-edition?isGated=false)

### [Recipes for popular visual effects using the Universal Render Pipeline
](https://unity.com/resources/the-universal-render-pipeline-cookbook-
unity-2022-lts-edition?isGated=false)

In this guide, you can choose from 12 recipes for creating popular effects
using URP. Learn how to create effects with Renderer Features, build a Toon
and outline shader with Shader Graph, use GPU instancing, produce reflections
and refractions, and more.

[![Universal Render Pipeline for advanced Unity creators \(Unity 2022 LTS\)
](../uploads/Main/best-practice-URP-
advanced-2022.jpg)](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-universal-render-
pipeline-for-advanced-unity-creators-2022lts?isGated=false)

### [Universal Render Pipeline for advanced Unity creators (Unity 2022 LTS)
](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-universal-render-pipeline-for-
advanced-unity-creators-2022lts?isGated=false)

This guide covers additions and changes for areas such as decals, URP quality
settings and converters, comparing **rendering paths** The technique that a
render pipeline uses to render graphics. Choosing a different rendering path
affects how lighting and shading are calculated. Some rendering paths are more
suited to different platforms and hardware than others. [More
info](RenderingPaths.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#RenderingPath) to include Forward+, Full
Screen Shader Graph including custom **post-processing** A process that
improves product visuals by applying filters and effects before the image
appears on screen. You can use post-processing effects to simulate physical
camera and film properties, for example Bloom and Depth of Field. [More
info](PostProcessingOverview.html) post processing, postprocessing,
postprocess  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#post-processing), and more.

[![Universal Render Pipeline for advanced Unity creators \(Unity 2021 LTS\)
](../uploads/Main/best-practice-
urp.png)](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-universal-render-pipeline-
for-advanced-unity-creators?isGated=false)

### [Universal Render Pipeline for advanced Unity creators (Unity 2021 LTS)
](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-universal-render-pipeline-for-
advanced-unity-creators?isGated=false)

Use this guide to learn how to set up a new project with URP or convert an
existing Built-in Render Pipeline-based project to URP. Learn about URP
quality settings and shaders, setting up lighting, shadows, special effects,
and more.

[![High Definition Render Pipeline \(2022\)](../uploads/Main/hdrp-lighting-
guide-2022.jpg)](https://unity.com/resources/hdrp-lighting-
environments-2022-lts-ebook?isGated=false)

### [High Definition Render Pipeline (Unity 2022
LTS)](https://unity.com/resources/hdrp-lighting-environments-2022-lts-
ebook?isGated=false)

An updated guide that covers the new water system, new Terrain tools including
creating terrains with SpeedTree, more capabilities for creating skies,
clouds, lighting effects, updates to HDRP shaders and materials, and more.

[![High Definition Render Pipeline \(2021\)](../uploads/Main/best-practice-
hdrp-2021.png)](https://unity.com/resources/the-definitive-guide-to-lighting-
in-the-high-definition-render-pipeline-unity-2021-lts-edition?isGated=false)

### [High Definition Render Pipeline (Unity 2021
LTS)](https://unity.com/resources/the-definitive-guide-to-lighting-in-the-
high-definition-render-pipeline-unity-2021-lts-edition?isGated=false)

This guide provides in-depth reference for creating high-end lighting for PC
and console games and covers topics such as HDRP settings, **cameras** A
component which creates an image of a particular viewpoint in your scene. The
output is either drawn to the screen or captured as a texture. [More
info](CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Camera), and Volume frameworks, creating
skyscapes, reflections, real-time lighting, and more.

[![High Definition Render Pipeline \(2020\)](../uploads/Main/best-practice-
hdrp-2020.png)](https://unity.com/resources/lighting-hdrp-guide?isGated=false)

### [High Definition Render Pipeline (Unity 2020
LTS)](https://unity.com/resources/lighting-hdrp-guide?isGated=false)

This guide provides in-depth reference for creating high-end lighting for PC
and console games and covers topics such as HDRP settings, cameras, and Volume
frameworks, creating skyscapes, reflections, real-time lighting, and more.

[![The definitive guide to creating advanced visual effects in Unity \(Unity 6
edition\)](../uploads/Main/A_scene_created_in_Unity_by_Sakura_Rabbit.png)](https://unity.com/resources/creating-
advanced-vfx-unity6?isGated=false)

### [The definitive guide to creating advanced visual effects in Unity (Unity
6 edition)](https://unity.com/resources/creating-advanced-vfx-
unity6?isGated=false)

Use this comprehensive guide to learn how to incorporate the VFX Graph into
your applications. It includes specific instructions on how to use the VFX
Graph, and its related tools, to build real-time visual effects in Unity 6.

[![The definitive guide to creating advanced visual effects in
Unity](../uploads/Main/best-practice-advanced-
effects.jpg)](https://unity.com/resources/definitive-guide-to-creating-visual-
effects?isGated=false)

### [The definitive guide to creating advanced visual effects in
Unity](https://unity.com/resources/definitive-guide-to-creating-visual-
effects?isGated=false)

This guide provides a complete overview of how to use visual effects authoring
tools in Unity to create any kind of effect: water and liquid, smoke, fire,
explosions, weather, impact, magic, and electricity.

## Performance optimization

[![Optimize your game performance for mobile, XR, and Web in Unity \(Unity
6\)](../uploads/Main/optimize-mobile-
performance-u6.png)](https://unity.com/resources/mobile-xr-web-game-
performance-optimization-unity-6)

### [Optimize your game performance for mobile, XR, and Web in Unity (Unity
6)](https://unity.com/resources/mobile-xr-web-game-performance-optimization-
unity-6)

This guide brings together all the best and latest mobile, XR, and Unity Web
performance optimization tips for Unity 6.

[![Optimize your game performance for consoles and PCs in Unity \(Unity 6\)
](../uploads/Main/optimize-console-
performance-u6.png)](https://unity.com/resources/console-pc-game-performance-
optimization-unity-6)

### [Optimize your game performance for consoles and PCs in Unity (Unity 6)
](https://unity.com/resources/console-pc-game-performance-optimization-
unity-6)

This guide brings together all the best and latest PC and console performance
optimization tips available in Unity 6.

[![Optimize your mobile game performance \(Unity 2022
LTS\)](../uploads/Main/optimize-your-mobile-
game-2022.png)](https://unity.com/resources/optimize-mobile-game-performance-
unity-2022lts?isGated=false)

### [Optimize your mobile game performance (Unity 2022
LTS)](https://unity.com/resources/optimize-mobile-game-performance-
unity-2022lts?isGated=false)

Get tips for using the full suite of Unity’s profiling tools, programming and
code architecture, project configuration and assets, GPU optimization,
optimization tips for audio, UI, animation, physics, and more.

[![Optimize your console and PC game performance \(Unity 2022
LTS\)](../uploads/Main/optimize-pc-game-
performance.png)](https://unity.com/resources/performance-optimization-
console-pc-games-2022-lts-e-book?isGated=false)

### [Optimize your console and PC game performance (Unity 2022
LTS)](https://unity.com/resources/performance-optimization-console-pc-
games-2022-lts-e-book?isGated=false)

This guide collects over 100 pages worth of optimization best practices for
developing console and PC games in Unity. Pick up tips for extensive profiling
of your project, programming code and architecture, optimizing assets and
graphics, and more.

[![Ultimate Guide to profiling Unity games](../uploads/Main/best-practice-
profiling.png)](https://unity.com/resources/ultimate-guide-to-profiling-unity-
games?isGated=false)

### [Ultimate guide to profiling Unity
games](https://unity.com/resources/ultimate-guide-to-profiling-unity-
games?isGated=false)

This guide provides advanced knowledge and advice on how to profile an
application in Unity, manage its memory, and optimize its power consumption
from start to finish. Learn best practices for a profiling workflow and using
Unity’s profiling tools.

[![Optimize your console and PC game performance \(Unity 2020
LTS\)](../uploads/Main/best-practice-pc-
game.png)](https://unity.com/resources/optimize-your-console-and-pc-game-
performance?isGated=false)

### [Optimize your console and PC game performance (Unity 2020
LTS)](https://unity.com/resources/optimize-your-console-and-pc-game-
performance?isGated=false)

Get over 80 tips from Unity’s support engineers on how to optimize PC and
console games for smooth performance and gameplay. It covers topics like
programming and code architecture, GPU optimization, memory, assets, and more.

[![Optimize your mobile game performance \(Unity 2020
LTS\)](../uploads/Main/best-practice-
mobile.png)](https://unity.com/resources/unity-e-book-optimize-your-mobile-
game-performance?isGated=false)

### [Optimize mobile game performance (Unity 2020
LTS)](https://unity.com/resources/unity-e-book-optimize-your-mobile-game-
performance?isGated=false)

This guide provides over 75 tips on how you can optimize your mobile game to
run smoothly on as many devices as possible. Learn about programming and code
architecture, GPU optimization, memory, assets, and more.

[![The Unity game dev field guide](../uploads/Main/best-practice-game-dev-
field.png)](https://unity.com/resources/unity-game-dev-field-
guide?isGated=false)

### [The Unity game dev field guide](https://unity.com/resources/unity-game-
dev-field-guide?isGated=false)

This guide helps you get familiar with the latest Unity features and
workflows. It covers Editor navigation, setting up your development
environment, Unity’s profiling tools, physics, and Input Systems.

[![Increase productivity with Unity 2022 LTS](../uploads/Main/increase-
productivity-2022-lts.png)](https://unity.com/resources/improve-workflow-
unity-2022-lts-ebook?isGated=false)

### [Increase productivity with Unity 2022
LTS](https://unity.com/resources/improve-workflow-unity-2022-lts-
ebook?isGated=false)

This guide collects over 80 time-saving tips to improve your day-to-day
workflows with Unity 2022 LTS.

[![Increase productivity with Unity 2020 LTS](../uploads/Main/increase-
productivity-best-practice.jpg)](https://unity.com/resources/improve-workflow-
unity-2020-lts?isGated=false)

### [Increase productivity with Unity 2020
LTS](https://unity.com/resources/improve-workflow-
unity-2020-lts?isGated=false)

This guide collects over 70 time-saving tips to improve your day-to-day
aggregate workflow with Unity 2020 LTS.

## Scripting

[![The ultimate guide to multiplayer networking for advanced Unity
developers](../uploads/Main/best-practice-multiplayer-
networking.png)](https://unity.com/resources/ultimate-guide-advanced-
multiplayer-networking)

### [The ultimate guide to multiplayer networking for advanced Unity
developers](https://unity.com/resources/ultimate-guide-advanced-multiplayer-
networking)

Read this guide to explore the core concepts of Unity multiplayer, different
multiplayer systems and **networking** The Unity system that enables
multiplayer gaming across a computer network. [More info](multiplayer.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Networking) models, and an example of using
Netcode for **GameObjects** The fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can
represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A
GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it. [More
info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject).

[![Introduction to DOTS for advanced Unity developers](../uploads/Main/intro-
to-dots.png)](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-to-dots-
ebook?isGated=false)

### [Introduction to DOTS for advanced Unity
developers](https://unity.com/resources/introduction-to-dots-
ebook?isGated=false)

Read this guide to better understand data-oriented programming and evaluate if
DOTS is the right choice for your next project.

[![Create modular game architecture in Unity with
ScriptableObjects](../uploads/Main/best-practice-modular-scriptable-
objects.png)](https://unity.com/resources/create-modular-game-architecture-
with-scriptable-objects-ebook?isGated=false)

### [Create modular game architecture in Unity with
ScriptableObjects](https://unity.com/resources/create-modular-game-
architecture-with-scriptable-objects-ebook?isGated=false)

This guide provides tips from professional developers on leveraging
ScriptableObjects in your Unity projects. Download the accompanying demo
project from [GitHub](https://github.com/UnityTechnologies/PaddleGameSO),
inspired by classic arcade game mechanics, to follow along.

[![C# style guide: Write cleaner code that scales](../uploads/Main/best-
practice-c-style-guide.png)](https://unity.com/resources/create-code-c-sharp-
style-guide-e-book?isGated=false)

### [C# style guide: Write cleaner code that
scales](https://unity.com/resources/create-code-c-sharp-style-guide-e-
book?isGated=false)

Learn industry best practices on how to organize your Unity C# code and what
to consider for your own code style guide, including naming conventions,
formatting, classes, methods, and comments.

[![Code with game programming patterns](../uploads/Main/best-practice-program-
patterns.png)](https://unity.com/resources/level-up-your-code-with-game-
programming-patterns?isGated=false)

### [Level up your code with game programming
patterns](https://unity.com/resources/level-up-your-code-with-game-
programming-patterns?isGated=false)

This guide covers SOLID principles and provides examples of how to implement
well-known design patterns for game development, including Factory, Singleton,
Command, State, and Observer Pattern, Object Pooling, and Model View Presenter
(MVP).

[![Level up your code with design patterns and SOLID](../uploads/Main/design-
patterns-guide.png)](https://unity.com/resources/design-patterns-solid-
ebook?isGated=false)

### [Level up your code with design patterns and
SOLID](https://unity.com/resources/design-patterns-solid-ebook?isGated=false)

This updated e-book includes an expanded section on implementing SOLID
principles and a sample project containing actionable code examples for 11
programming patterns.

  

[](Quickstart3DCreate.html)

Creating a 3D game

[](unity-editor.html)

The Unity Editor

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

