[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CameraOutput-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CameraOutput-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CameraOutput-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CameraOutput-introduction.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CameraOutput-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CameraOutput-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CameraOutput-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CameraOutput-introduction.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Cameras](Cameras.html)
  * [Camera output](CameraOutput.html)
  * Introduction to camera output

[](CameraOutput.html)

Camera output

[](SL-CameraDepthTexture.html)

Output a depth texture from a camera

# Introduction to camera output

A [Camera](Cameras.html)A component which creates an image of a particular
viewpoint in your scene. The output is either drawn to the screen or captured
as a texture. [More info](CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Camera) can generate a depth, depth+normals,
or motion vector texture. This is a minimalistic G-buffer texture that can be
used for **post-processing** A process that improves product visuals by
applying filters and effects before the image appears on screen. You can use
post-processing effects to simulate physical camera and film properties, for
example Bloom and Depth of Field. [More info](PostProcessingOverview.html)
post processing, postprocessing, postprocess  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#post-processing) effects or to implement
custom lighting models.

These are mostly used by effects; for example, [post-processing
effects](PostProcessingOverview.html) often use depth information.

Pixel values in the depth texture range between 0 and 1, with a non-linear
distribution. Precision is usually 32 or 16 bits, depending on configuration
and platform used. When reading from the Depth Texture, a high precision value
in a range between 0 and 1 is returned. If you need to get distance from the
Camera, or an otherwise linear 0–1 value, compute that manually using [helper
macros](SL-BuiltinFunctions.html).

Depth Textures are supported on most modern hardware and graphics APIs.
Special requirements are listed below:

  * Direct3D 11+ (Windows), OpenGL 3+ (Mac/Linux), Metal (iOS), and popular consoles support depth textures.

The Camera’s depth Texture mode can be enabled using
[Camera.depthTextureMode](../ScriptReference/Camera-depthTextureMode.html)
variable from script. It is also possible to build similar textures yourself,
using [Shader Replacement](SL-ShaderReplacement.html) feature.

There are three possible depth texture modes:

  * **DepthTextureMode.Depth** : a depth texture.
  * **DepthTextureMode.DepthNormals** : depth and view space normals packed into one texture.
  * **DepthTextureMode.MotionVectors** : per-pixel screen space motion of each screen texel for the current frame. Packed into a RG16 texture.

These are flags, so it is possible to specify any combination of the above
textures.

## Under the hood

Depth textures can come directly from the actual **depth buffer** A memory
store that holds the z-value depth of each pixel in an image, where the
z-value is the depth for each rendered pixel from the projection plane. [More
info](class-RenderTexture.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#depthbuffer), or be rendered in a separate
pass, depending on the **rendering path** The technique that a render pipeline
uses to render graphics. Choosing a different rendering path affects how
lighting and shading are calculated. Some rendering paths are more suited to
different platforms and hardware than others. [More info](RenderingPaths.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#RenderingPath) used and the hardware.
Typically when using the **Deferred Shading** A rendering path in the Built-in
Render Pipeline that places no limit on the number of Lights that can affect a
GameObject. All Lights are evaluated per-pixel, which means that they all
interact correctly with normal maps and so on. Additionally, all Lights can
have cookies and shadows. [More info](RenderTech-DeferredShading.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Deferredshading) rendering path in the Built-
In **Render Pipeline** A series of operations that take the contents of a
Scene, and displays them on a screen. Unity lets you choose from pre-built
render pipelines, or write your own. [More info](render-pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Renderpipeline), the depth textures come “for
free” since they are a product of the G-buffer rendering anyway.

When enabled, the MotionVectors texture always comes from a extra render pass.
Unity will render moving **GameObjects** The fundamental object in Unity
scenes, which can represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints,
and more. A GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached
to it. [More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) into this buffer, and construct
their motion from the last frame to the current frame.

[](CameraOutput.html)

Camera output

[](SL-CameraDepthTexture.html)

Output a depth texture from a camera

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

