[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-AnimatorController.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-AnimatorController.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-AnimatorController.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-AnimatorController.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-AnimatorController.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-AnimatorController.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-AnimatorController.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-AnimatorController.html)

  * [Animation](AnimationSection.html)
  * [Mecanim Animation system](AnimationOverview.html)
  * Animator Controller

[](class-Animator.html)

Animator component

[](AnimatorControllerCreation.html)

Create an Animator Controller

# Animator Controller

Use an **Animator Controller** to arrange and maintain a set of **Animation
Clips** Animation data that can be used for animated characters or simple
animations. It is a simple “unit” piece of motion, such as (one specific
instance of) “Idle”, “Walk” or “Run”. [More info](class-AnimationClip.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationClip) and associated **Animation
Transitions** Allows a state machine to switch or blend from one animation
state to another. Transitions define how long a blend between states should
take, and the conditions that activate them. [More
info](StateMachineTransitions.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationTransition) for a character or an
animated **GameObject** The fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can
represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A
GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it. [More
info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject).

In most situations, it’s normal to have multiple animations and transition
between them when certain game conditions occur. For example, you could
transition from a walk animation to a jump whenever the spacebar is pressed.
However, even if you just have a single animation clip, you still need to
place it into an Animator Controller to use it on a Game Object.

The Animator Controller has references to the Animation clips it uses. The
Animator Controller manages the various Animation Clips and the Transitions
between them using a ****State Machine** The set of states in an Animator
Controller that a character or animated GameObject can be in, along with a set
of transitions between those states and a variable to remember the current
state. The states available will depend on the type of gameplay, but typical
states include things like idling, walking, running and jumping. [More
info](StateMachineBasics.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#StateMachine)**, which could be thought of as
a flow-chart of Animation Clips and Transitions. you can find more information
about state machines [here](AnimationStateMachines.html).

![A simple Animator
Controller](../uploads/Main/MecanimAnimatorControllerWindow.png) A simple
Animator Controller

Unity automatically creates an Animator Controller when you begin animating a
GameObject using the Animation Window, or when you attach an Animation Clip to
a GameObject.

To manually create an Animator Controller, right-click within either column of
the Project window and select **Create** > **Animator Controller**.

The following topics provide more details on the Animator Controller Asset and
state machines:

  * [Create an Animator Controller](AnimatorControllerCreation.html)
  * [Animator Controller Asset](Animator.html)
  * [Animator Window](AnimatorWindow.html)The window where the Animator Controller is visualized and edited. [More info](AnimatorWindow.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimatorWindow)

  * [Animation State Machine](AnimationStateMachines.html)A graph within an Animator Controller that controls the interaction of Animation States. Each state references an Animation Blend Tree or a single Animation Clip. [More info](AnimationStateMachines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationStateMachine)

## Navigation

Use the scroll wheel to zoom in and zoom out of the Animator Controller
window.

To focus on an item in the Animator Controller window, select one or multiple
states (click or drag a selection box around the states you wish to select),
then press the F key to zoom in on the selection.

![Focus on selected states](../uploads/Main/classAnimatorController-Focus.jpg)
Focus on selected states

Press the A key to fit all of the animation states into the Animator
Controller view.

Unity preserves your selection. Press the A and F keys to switch between your
selected animation states and the entire Animator Controller.

![Unity automatically fits all states in the Animator Controller view when the
A key is pressed](../uploads/Main/classAnimatorController-Autofit.jpg) Unity
automatically fits all states in the Animator Controller view when the A key
is pressed

During Play Mode, the Animator pans the view so that the current state being
played is always visible. The Animator Controller respects the independent
zoom factors of the Base Layer and Sub-State Machine, and the window pans
automatically to ensure visibility of the active state or states.

To modify the zoom during Play Mode, follow these steps:

  1. Enable **Auto Live Link** in the Animator Controller window.
  2. Click the Play button to enter Play Mode.
  3. Click Pause.
  4. In the Animator Controller, select the state or states you want to zoom into.
  5. Press the F key to zoom into the selection.
  6. Click the Play button again to resume Play Mode.

Note that the Animator Controller pans to each state when it activates.

![The Animator pans to the active
state](../uploads/Main/classAnimatorController-Pans.png) The Animator pans to
the active state

[](class-Animator.html)

Animator component

[](AnimatorControllerCreation.html)

Create an Animator Controller

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

