[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-CustomRenderTexture-configure.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-CustomRenderTexture-configure.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-CustomRenderTexture-configure.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-CustomRenderTexture-configure.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-CustomRenderTexture-configure.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-CustomRenderTexture-configure.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-CustomRenderTexture-configure.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-CustomRenderTexture-configure.html)

  * [Materials and shaders](materials-and-shaders.html)
  * [Textures](Textures-landing.html)
  * [Rendering to a texture](render-texture-landing.html)
  * [Drawing to textures with shaders via Custom Render Textures](class-CustomRenderTexture-landing.html)
  * Control when a Custom Render Texture updates

[](class-CustomRenderTexture-write-shader.html)

Write a shader for a Custom Render Texture

[](MovieTexture-landing.html)

Playing video in Movie Textures

# Control when a Custom Render Texture updates

## Update Zones

When Unity updates a Custom **Render Texture** A special type of Texture that
is created and updated at runtime. To use them, first create a new Render
Texture and designate one of your Cameras to render into it. Then you can use
the Render Texture in a Material just like a regular Texture. [More
info](class-RenderTexture.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#RenderTexture), it uses the Material to update
the whole texture at once by default. The Custom Render Texture allows you to
define zones of partial update. You can use this to define as many zones as
you want and the order in which the zones are processed.

You can use update zones for various purposes. For example, you could have
multiple small zones to splat water drops on the texture and then do a full
pass to simulate the ripples. This can also be used as an optimization when
you know that you don’t need to update the full texture.

![](../uploads/Main/CustomRenderTextures-1.png)

Update zones have their own set of properties. The **Update Zone Space** is
visible in the display. Coordinates depend on the **Dimension** of the
texture: 2D for 2D and Cube textures, or 3D for 3D textures.

## Controlling Custom Render Texture from Script

You can access most of the Custom Render Texture functionalities in the
Scripting API. You can also change Material parameters, update frequency,
update zones, request an update, and more using a script.

When Unity updates or initializes a Custom Render Texture, it uses the current
properties to render the next frame. This guarantees that any Material that
uses this texture has an up-to-date result. For example, in the following
script Unity performs two updates using the second Update Zone array:

`customRenderTexture.updateZones = updateZones1;`

`customRenderTexture.Update();`

`customRenderTexture.updateZones = updateZones2;`

`customRenderTexture.Update();`

**Note:** Unity does not update or initialize a Custom Render Texture at the
same time you call `Update()` or `Initialize()`. This is because Unity always
updates and initializes a Custom Render Texture at the start of the next
frame.

## Double Buffered Custom Textures

You can double-buffer Custom Render Textures. To do this, enable **Double
Buffered** in the [Custom Render Textures component](class-
CustomRenderTexture.html), or use
[`CustomRenderTexture.doubleBuffered`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/CustomRenderTexture-
doubleBuffered.html).

Double-buffering means that inside one Custom Render Texture there are two
textures which Unity can swap after each update. This allows you to read the
result of the last update while writing a new result in the Custom Render
Texture.

Double-buffering is particularly useful if the **shader** A program that runs
on the GPU. [More info](Shaders.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Shader) needs to use the content the Unity has
already written in the texture but can’t mix the values with classic blend
modes. This is also required if the shaders have to sample different
**pixels** The smallest unit in a computer image. Pixel size depends on your
screen resolution. Pixel lighting is calculated at every screen pixel. [More
info](ShadowPerformance.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#pixel) from the preceding result.

**Performance warning** : Double-buffering currently involves a copy of the
texture at each swap which can lead to a drop in performance depending on the
frequency at which it is done and the resolution of the texture.

[](class-CustomRenderTexture-write-shader.html)

Write a shader for a Custom Render Texture

[](MovieTexture-landing.html)

Playing video in Movie Textures

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

