[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-Mathf.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-Mathf.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-Mathf.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-Mathf.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-Mathf.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-Mathf.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-Mathf.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-Mathf.html)

  * [Scripting](scripting.html)
  * [Object-oriented development](object-oriented-development.html)
  * Using common math functions

[](class-Quaternion.html)

Rotation and oriention with quaternion

[](class-random.html)

Using randomness

# Using common math functions

[Switch to Scripting](../ScriptReference/Mathf.html "Go to Mathf page in the
Scripting Reference")

Unity’s Mathf class provides a collection of common math functions, including
trigonometric, logarithmic, and other functions commonly required in games and
app development.

This page provides an overview of the Mathf class and its common uses when
scripting with it. For an exhaustive reference of every member of the Mathf
class, see the [Mathf script reference](../ScriptReference/Mathf.html).

## Trigonometric

All Unity’s trigonometry functions work in **radians**.

  * [`Sin`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Sin.html)
  * [`Cos`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Cos.html)
  * [`Tan`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Tan.html)
  * [`Asin`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Asin.html)
  * [`Acos`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Acos.html)
  * [`Atan`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Atan.html)
  * [`Atan2`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Atan2.html)

[`PI`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.PI.html) is available as a constant, and you
can multiply by the static values
[`Rad2Deg`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Rad2Deg.html) or
[`Deg2Rad`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Deg2Rad.html) to convert between radians
and degrees.

## Powers and Square Roots

Unity provides the common power and square root functions you would expect: \-
[`Pow`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Pow.html) \-
[`Sqrt`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Sqrt.html) \-
[`Exp`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Exp.html)

As well as some useful power-of-two related functions. These are useful when
working with common binary data sizes, which are often constrained or
optimized to power-of-two values (such as texture dimensions):

  * [`ClosestPowerOfTwo`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.ClosestPowerOfTwo.html)
  * [`NextPowerOfTwo`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.NextPowerOfTwo.html)
  * [`IsPowerOfTwo`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.IsPowerOfTwo.html)

## Interpolation

Unity’s interpolation functions allows you to calculate a value that is some
way between two given points. Each of these functions behaves in a different
way, suitable for different situations. See the examples in each for more
information:

  * [`Lerp`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Lerp.html)
  * [`LerpAngle`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.LerpAngle.html)
  * [`LerpUnclamped`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.LerpUnclamped.html)
  * [`InverseLerp`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.InverseLerp.html)
  * [`MoveTowards`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.MoveTowards.html)
  * [`MoveTowardsAngle`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.MoveTowardsAngle.html)
  * [`SmoothDamp`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.SmoothDamp.html)
  * [`SmoothDampAngle`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.SmoothDampAngle.html)
  * [`SmoothStep`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.SmoothStep.html)

Note that the [Vector classes](scripting-vectors.html) and the
[`Quaternion`](class-Quaternion.html) class all have their own interpolation
functions (such as Quaternion.Lerp) which allow you to interpolate positions,
directions and rotations in multiple dimensions.

## Limiting and repeating values

These simple helper functions are often useful in games or apps and can save
you time when you need to limit values to a certain range or repeat them
within a certain range.

  * [`Max`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Max.html) and [`Min`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Min.html)
  * [`Repeat`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Repeat.html) and [`PingPong`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.PingPong.html)
  * [`Clamp`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Clamp.html) and [`Clamp01`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Clamp01.html)
  * [`Ceil`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Ceil.html) and [`Floor`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Floor.html)

## Logarithmic

The [`Log`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Log.html) function allows you to
calculate the logarithm of a specified number, either the natural logarithm or
in a specified base. Additionally the
[`Log10`](../ScriptReference/Mathf.Log10.html) function returns the base–10
logarithm of the specified number.

## Other functions

For the full list of functions in the Mathf class, see the [Mathf script
reference](../ScriptReference/Mathf.html).

Mathf

[](class-Quaternion.html)

Rotation and oriention with quaternion

[](class-random.html)

Using randomness

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

