[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-ProjectSettingsWindow.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-ProjectSettingsWindow.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-ProjectSettingsWindow.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-ProjectSettingsWindow.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-ProjectSettingsWindow.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-ProjectSettingsWindow.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-ProjectSettingsWindow.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-ProjectSettingsWindow.html)

  * [The Unity Editor](unity-editor.html)
  * [Editor Features](EditorFeatures.html)
  * [Project Settings](comp-ManagerGroup.html)
  * Use the Project Settings window

[](comp-ManagerGroup.html)

Project Settings

[](class-AudioManager.html)

Audio

# Use the Project Settings window

To open the Project Settings window, go to **Edit** > **Project Settings**.

The Project Settings window can also display additional categories and
settings, based on the packages you install. For more information on package-
specific settings, refer to corresponding package documentation.

![Project Settings window](../uploads/Main/Settings.png) Project Settings
window

![A](../uploads/Main/LetterA.png) Use the _Search box_ to filter the list of
settings categories on the left and highlight keywords in the details pane on
the right.

![B](../uploads/Main/LetterB.png) All settings are organized by category,
which appear in the _category list_ on the left. When you select a category
from the list, the details pane displays the associated settings.

![C](../uploads/Main/LetterC.png) The _details pane_ displays all available
settings for the selected category.

The following table lists the default settings categories that are available
in the Project Settings window.

## Find settings in the Project Settings window

To find a setting, enter a partial or whole keyword in the search box at the
top of the Project Settings window.

![Limit the scope by entering a keyword in the search
box](../uploads/Main/Settings-filter.png) Limit the scope by entering a
keyword in the search box

As you enter a keyword in the search box, the category list changes
dynamically. For example, if you enter the keyword **mode** , the category
list limits its scope to only the Project settings that match this keyword. At
the same time, the details pane highlights occurrences of the matching
keyword.

**Tip:** You can use the same procedure for finding and filtering
[preferences](Preferences.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Project settings](comp-ManagerGroup.html)A broad collection of settings which allow you to configure how Physics, Audio, Networking, Graphics, Input and many other areas of your project behave. [More info](comp-ManagerGroup.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#ProjectSettings)

  * [Preferences](Preferences.html)

[](comp-ManagerGroup.html)

Project Settings

[](class-AudioManager.html)

Audio

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

