[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-Avatar.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-Avatar.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-Avatar.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-Avatar.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-Avatar.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-Avatar.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-Avatar.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-Avatar.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Working with GameObjects](working-with-gameobjects.html)
  * [Models](models.html)
  * [Importing models into Unity](models-importing.html)
  * [Model Import Settings window](class-FBXImporter.html)
  * [Rig tab](FBXImporter-Rig.html)
  * Avatar Mapping tab

[](FBXImporter-Rig.html)

Rig tab

[](MuscleDefinitions.html)

Avatar Muscle & Settings tab

# Avatar Mapping tab

[Switch to Scripting](../ScriptReference/Avatar.html "Go to Avatar page in the
Scripting Reference")

The Avatar Mapping tab is available when the Unity Editor is in Avatar
Configuration mode.

To enter Avatar Configuration mode, either:

  * select the Avatar Asset in the **Project window** A window that shows the contents of your `Assets` folder (Project tab) [More info](ProjectView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Projectwindow), and click “Configure Avatar”
in the Inspector, or

  * select the Model Asset in the Project window, go to the “Rig” tab in the Inspector, and click “Configure…” under the Avatar Definition menu.

When you are in Avatar Configuration mode, the **Avatar Mapping** tab appears
in the **Inspector** A Unity window that displays information about the
currently selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to
inspect and edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) displaying Unity’s bone mapping:

![The Avatar window displays the bone mapping](../uploads/Main/classAvatar-
Inspector.png) The Avatar window displays the bone mapping

**(A)** Buttons to toggle between the **Mapping** and **Muscles & Settings**
tabs. You must **Apply** or **Revert** any changes made before switching
between tabs.

**(B)** Buttons to switch between the sections of the Avatar: **Body** ,
**Head** , **Left Hand** , and **Right Hand**.

**(C)** Menus which provide various **Mapping** and **Pose** tools to help you
map the bone structure to the Avatar.

**(D)** Buttons to accept any changes made (**Accept**), discard any changes
(**Revert**), and leave the Avatar window (**Done**). You must **Apply** or
**Revert** any changes made before leaving the **Avatar** An interface for
retargeting animation from one rig to another. [More
info](ConfiguringtheAvatar.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Avatar) window.

The Avatar Mapping indicates which of the bones are required (solid circles)
and which are optional (dotted circles). Unity can interpolate optional bone
movements automatically.

## Saving and reusing Avatar data (Human Template files)

You can save the mapping of bones in your skeleton to the Avatar on disk as a
[Human Template file](class-HumanTemplate.html) (extention `*.ht`). You can
reuse this mapping for any character. For example, you want to put the Avatar
mapping under source control and you prefer to commit text-based files; or
perhaps you want to parse the file with your own custom tool.

To save the Avatar data in a **Human Template** A pre-defined bone-mapping.
Used for matching bones from FBX files to the Avatar. [More info](class-
HumanTemplate.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Humantemplate) file, choose **Save** from the
**Mapping** drop-down menu at the bottom of the **Avatar** window.

![The Mapping drop-down menu at the bottom of the Avatar
window](../uploads/Main/MecanimMappingMenus.png) The **Mapping** drop-down
menu at the bottom of the **Avatar** window

Unity displays a dialog box for you to choose the name and location of the
file to save.

![](../uploads/Main/classHumanTemplate-Project.png)

To load a Human Template file previously created, choose **Mapping** >
**Load** and select the file you want to load.

## Using Avatar Masks

Sometimes it is useful to restrict an animation to specific body parts. For
example, an walking animation might involve the character swaying their arms,
but if they pick up a torch, they should hold it up to cast light. You can use
an **Avatar Body Mask** to specify which parts of a character an animation
should be restricted to. See documentation on [Avatar Masks](class-
AvatarMask.html)A specification for which body parts to include or exclude for
an animation rig. Used in Animation Layers and in the importer. [More
info](class-AvatarMask.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AvatarMask) for further details.

Avatar

[](FBXImporter-Rig.html)

Rig tab

[](MuscleDefinitions.html)

Avatar Muscle & Settings tab

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

