[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-WindZone.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-WindZone.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-WindZone.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-WindZone.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-WindZone.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-WindZone.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-WindZone.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-WindZone.html)

  * [World building](CreatingEnvironments.html)
  * [Terrain](script-Terrain.html)
  * [Trees](terrain-Trees-Landing.html)
  * Animate trees with Wind Zones

[](terrain-Trees.html)

Add trees to the terrain

[](terrain-Wind-Reference.html)

Wind reference

# Animate trees with Wind Zones

[Switch to Scripting](../ScriptReference/WindZone.html "Go to WindZone page in
the Scripting Reference")

To create the effect of wind on your trees and particle systems, you can add
one or more **GameObjects** The fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can
represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A
GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it. [More
info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) with **Wind Zone** components.
Trees within a wind zone bend in a realistic animated fashion, and the wind
itself moves in pulses to create natural patterns of movement among the trees.

## Wind for Terrain

To create a Wind Zone GameObject, from the main menu, select **GameObject** >
**3D Object** > **Wind Zone**.

### Wind modes

There are two modes for wind:

  * In **Directional** mode, the wind affects the whole **Terrain** The landscape in your scene. A Terrain GameObject adds a large flat plane to your scene and you can use the Terrain’s Inspector window to create a detailed landscape. [More info](terrain-UsingTerrains.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Terrain) at once. This is useful for creating
effects like the natural movement of the trees.

  * In **Spherical** mode, the wind blows outwards within a sphere defined by the **Radius** property. This is useful for creating special effects like explosions (for a particle system) or a local eddy (for trees).

The **Main** property determines the overall strength of the wind. Use
**Turbulence** for randomised variation.

The wind blows over the trees in pulses to create a more natural effect, where
the wind speed isn’t a constant but rather falls and rises with gusts. You can
control the strength of the pulses with **Pulse Magnitude** , and the time
interval between them with **Pulse Frequency**.

### Tree-specific properties

Wind Zones work on an area of the terrain or an entire tile. However,
different trees have different behaviors in the same wind conditions. Use the
[Tree Editor](class-Tree.html) to control how the branches and leaves of each
tree model react to wind.

You can’t control SpeedTree animation behavior in Unity; use SpeedTree to
change wind animation and import your trees again.

### Using multiple Wind Zones

You can use more than one Wind Zone GameObject in your terrain. This creates
different wind conditions in different areas of the terrain. For example, you
can create a strong wind in one area and a gentle breeze in another.

You can use a Directional mode on the whole terrain and a Spherical mode to
create local conditions (these are added to the Directional wind), or use only
Spherical mode winds that together cover the whole terrain. Don’t use multiple
Directional mode winds; a Directional wind covers the entire terrain, so using
two Directional winds doesn’t create local conditions.

## Wind for particle systems

The main use of wind is to animate trees, but it can also affect particles in
a particle system that uses the [External Forces
module](PartSysExtForceModule.html). Refer to [Particle System](class-
ParticleSystem.html)A component that simulates fluid entities such as liquids,
clouds and flames by generating and animating large numbers of small 2D images
in the scene. [More info](class-ParticleSystem.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#particlesystem) for more information.

To add a Wind Zone to [an existing particle system](class-
ParticleSystem.html):

  1. In the ****Inspector** A Unity window that displays information about the currently selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector)** window, select the particle
system GameObject.

  2. From the main menu, select **Component** > **Miscellaneous** > **Wind Zone**.

## Wind for SpeedTree trees

Trees from SpeedTree rely on their own wind behavior, which is imported with
them. Refer to [Games
wind](https://docs9.speedtree.com/modeler/doku.php?id=windgames) for more
information.

## Wind for grass

Wind Zones don’t apply to grass on the terrain. To animate grass, refer to
[Terrain Settings reference](terrain-OtherSettings.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Wind reference](terrain-Wind-Reference.html)
  * [Terrain Settings reference](terrain-OtherSettings.html)
  * [Create trees with Tree Editor](class-Tree.html)
  * [SpeedTree Games wind mode](https://docs9.speedtree.com/modeler/doku.php?id=windgames)
  * [Particle System](class-ParticleSystem.html)

[](terrain-Trees.html)

Add trees to the terrain

[](terrain-Wind-Reference.html)

Wind reference

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

