[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-MeshFilter.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-MeshFilter.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-MeshFilter.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-MeshFilter.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-MeshFilter.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-MeshFilter.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-MeshFilter.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-MeshFilter.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Working with GameObjects](working-with-gameobjects.html)
  * [Meshes](mesh.html)
  * [Mesh components reference](mesh-components-reference.html)
  * Mesh Filter component reference

[](class-SkinnedMeshRenderer.html)

Skinned Mesh Renderer component reference

[](class-Mesh.html)

Mesh asset Inspector window reference

# Mesh Filter component reference

[Switch to Scripting](../ScriptReference/MeshFilter.html "Go to MeshFilter
page in the Scripting Reference")

A **Mesh Filter** component holds a reference to a mesh. It works with a [Mesh
Renderer](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-MeshRenderer.html)A mesh
component that takes the geometry from the Mesh Filter and renders it at the
position defined by the object’s Transform component. [More info](class-
MeshRenderer.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#MeshRenderer) component on the same
**GameObject** The fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can represent
characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A GameObject’s
functionality is defined by the Components attached to it. [More info](class-
GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject); the Mesh Renderer renders the
mesh that the Mesh Filter references.

To render a deformable mesh, use a [Skinned Mesh
Renderer](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-SkinnedMeshRenderer.html)
instead. A Skinned Mesh Renderer component does not need a Mesh Filter
component.

## Mesh Filter Inspector reference

![](../uploads/Main/Inspector-MeshFilter.png) **_Property:_** | **_Function:_**  
---|---  
**Mesh** The main graphics primitive of Unity. Meshes make up a large part of
your 3D worlds. Unity supports triangulated or Quadrangulated polygon meshes.
Nurbs, Nurms, Subdiv surfaces must be converted to polygons. [More
info](mesh.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Mesh) | A reference to a [mesh asset](class-Mesh.html).  
  
To change the mesh asset that the Mesh Filter component references, use the
picker (circle icon) next to the mesh’s name.  
  
**Note:** The settings for other components on this GameObject don’t change
when you change the mesh that the Mesh Filter references. For example, a Mesh
Renderer doesn’t update its settings, which might cause Unity to render the
mesh with unexpected properties. If this happens, adjust the settings of the
other components as needed.  
  
Corresponds to the
[MeshFilter.mesh](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/MeshFilter-
mesh.html) property.  
  
MeshFilter

[](class-SkinnedMeshRenderer.html)

Skinned Mesh Renderer component reference

[](class-Mesh.html)

Mesh asset Inspector window reference

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

