[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html)

  * [Scripting](scripting.html)
  * [Get started with scripting](scripting-get-started.html)
  * [Fundamental Unity types](fundamental-unity-types.html)
  * MonoBehaviour

[](class-GameObject.html)

GameObject

[](class-ScriptableObject.html)

ScriptableObject

# MonoBehaviour

[Switch to Scripting](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.html "Go to
MonoBehaviour page in the Scripting Reference")

The MonoBehaviour class provides the framework that allows you to attach your
script to a **GameObject** The fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can
represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A
GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it. [More
info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) in the Editor. It also provides
hooks into useful Events such as
[Start](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.Start.html) and
[Update](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.Update.html).

You can create new MonoBehaviour **scripts** A piece of code that allows you
to create your own Components, trigger game events, modify Component
properties over time and respond to user input in any way you like. [More
info](creating-scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts) in the Editor as described in [Create
scripts](creating-scripts.html).

For a complete reference of every member of the MonoBehaviour class, and its
technical details, refer to the [MonoBehaviour script
reference](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.html).

## Scripts in the Inspector window

## Content of a MonoBehaviour script file

Double-click a script Asset in Unity to open it in a text editor. By default,
Unity uses Visual Studio, but you can select any editor you like from the
**External Tools** panel in Unity’s preferences (menu: **Unity** >
**Preferences**).

If you choose to create a MonoBehaviour script, the initial contents of the
file will look something like this:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;
    
    public class NewMonoBehaviourScript : MonoBehaviour {
    
        // Start is called once before the first execution of Update after the MonoBehaviour is created
        void Start()
        {
            
        }
    
        // Update is called once per frame
        void Update()
        {
            
        }
    }
    
    

This script makes its connection with the internal workings of Unity by
implementing a class which derives from the built-in class called
`MonoBehaviour`. You can think of a class as a kind of blueprint for creating
a new Component type that can be attached to GameObjects. Each time you attach
a script component to a GameObject, it creates a new instance of the object
defined by the blueprint. The name of the class is taken from the name you
supplied when the file was created. It’s best practice to keep the class name
and file name in sync, refer to [Naming considerations](naming-
scripts.html#script-file-names).

The main things to note, however, are the two functions defined inside the
class. The **Update** function is the place to put code that will handle the
frame update for the GameObject. This might include movement, triggering
actions and responding to user input, basically anything that needs to be
handled over time during gameplay. To enable the Update function to do its
work, it is often useful to be able to set up variables, read preferences and
make connections with other GameObjects before any game action takes place.
The **Start** function will be called by Unity before gameplay begins (before
the Update function is called for the first time) and is an ideal place to do
any initialization.

**Note** : Experienced programmers may be surprised that initialization of an
object is not done using a constructor function. This is because the
construction of objects is handled by the Unity Editor and does not take place
at the start of gameplay as you might expect. If you attempt to define a
constructor for a MonoBehaviour, it will interfere with the normal operation
of Unity and can cause major problems with the project.

## Controlling a GameObject

A script only defines a blueprint for a Component, so none of its code will be
active until an instance of the script is attached to a GameObject. You can
attach a script by dragging the script asset to a GameObject in the hierarchy
panel or to the **Inspector** A Unity window that displays information about
the currently selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to
inspect and edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) of the GameObject that is currently
selected. There is also a Scripts submenu on the Component menu which will
contain all the scripts available in the project, including those you have
created yourself. The script instance looks much like any other Component in
the Inspector:

![](../uploads/Main/ScriptInInspector.png)

Once attached, the script will start working when you press Play and run the
game. You can check this by adding the following code in the `Start` function:

    
    
    // Use this for initialization
    void Start () 
    {
        Debug.Log("Hello world!");
    }
    
    

**Debug.Log** is a simple command that just prints a message to Unity’s
console output. If you press Play now, you should see the message at the
bottom of the main Editor window and in the Console window (menu: **Window** >
**General** > **Console** Abbreviation of **game console**  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#console)).

## Coroutines

The MonoBehaviour class allows you to start, stop, and manage coroutines.

For more information on coroutines, refer to [Coroutines](Coroutines.html) and
the [StartCoroutine method script
reference](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.StartCoroutine.html).

## Events

The MonoBehaviour class provides access to a large collection of [event
functions](event-functions.html), which allows you to execute your code based
on what is currently happening in your project. Here are a few of the more
common examples. For a list of them all, see the **Messages** section on the
[MonoBehaviour script reference page](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.html)

## Additional resources

  * [Event functions](event-functions.html)
  * [MonoBehaviour API reference](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.html)

[](class-GameObject.html)

GameObject

[](class-ScriptableObject.html)

ScriptableObject

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

