[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-BlendTree.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-BlendTree.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-BlendTree.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-BlendTree.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-BlendTree.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-BlendTree.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-BlendTree.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-BlendTree.html)

  * [Animation](AnimationSection.html)
  * [Mecanim Animation system](AnimationOverview.html)
  * [Animator Controller](class-AnimatorController.html)
  * [Animation State Machine](AnimationStateMachines.html)
  * Animation Blend Trees

[](class-Transition.html)

Animation transitions

[](BlendTree-1DBlending.html)

1D Blending

# Animation Blend Trees

A common task in game animation is to blend between two or more similar
motions. Perhaps the best known example is the blending of walking and running
animations according to the character’s speed. Another example is a character
leaning to the left or right as it turns during a run.

It is important to distinguish between Transitions and Blend Trees. While both
are used for creating smooth animation, they are used for different kinds of
situations.

  * Use **Transitions** The blend from one state to another in a state machine, such as transitioning a character from a walk to a jog animation. Transitions define how long the blend between states should take, and the conditions that activate the blend. [More info](class-Transition.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Transition) to smoothly transition from one
Animation State to another over a given amount of time. Transitions are
specified as part of an [Animation State
Machine](AnimationStateMachines.html)A graph within an Animator Controller
that controls the interaction of Animation States. Each state references an
Animation Blend Tree or a single Animation Clip. [More
info](AnimationStateMachines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationStateMachine). A transition from one
motion to a completely different motion is usually fine if the transition is
quick.

  * Use **Blend Trees** to smoothly blend multiple animations by incorporating parts of each animation, at varying degrees. The amount that each of the motions contributes to the final effect is controlled using a blending parameter, which is just one of the numeric [animation parameters](AnimationParameters.html)Used to communicate between scripting and the Animator Controller. Some parameters can be set in scripting and used by the controller, while other parameters are based on Custom Curves in Animation Clips and can be sampled using the scripting API. [More info](AnimationParameters.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationParameters) associated with the
**Animator Controller** Controls animation through Animation Layers with
Animation State Machines and Animation Blend Trees, controlled by Animation
Parameters. The same Animator Controller can be referenced by multiple models
with Animator components. [More info](class-AnimatorController.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimatorController). In order for the blended
motion to make sense, the motions that are blended must be of similar nature
and timing. Blend Trees are a special type of state in an Animation **State
Machine** The set of states in an Animator Controller that a character or
animated GameObject can be in, along with a set of transitions between those
states and a variable to remember the current state. The states available will
depend on the type of gameplay, but typical states include things like idling,
walking, running and jumping. [More info](StateMachineBasics.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#StateMachine).

Examples of similar motions could be various walk and run animations. In order
for the blend to work well, the movements in the clips must take place at the
same points in normalized time. For example, walking and running animations
can be aligned so that the moments of contact of foot to the floor take place
at the same points in normalized time (e.g. the left foot hits at 0.0 and the
right foot at 0.5). Since normalized time is used, it doesn’t matter if the
clips are of different length.

## Using Blend Trees

To start working with a new Blend Tree, do the following:

  1. Right-click on empty space on the Animator Controller Window.
  2. Select **Create State** > **From New Blend Tree** from the context menu.
  3. Double-click the Blend Tree to enter the Blend Tree Graph.

The **Animator Window** The window where the Animator Controller is visualized
and edited. [More info](AnimatorWindow.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimatorWindow) displays a graph of the entire
Blend Tree while the **Inspector** A Unity window that displays information
about the currently selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing
you to inspect and edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) shows the currently selected node
and its immediate children, if applicable.

![For example, the Blend Tree on the left displays only the root Blend Node
because it does not have child nodes. The Blend Tree on the right has a root
with three Animation Clips as child
nodes.](../uploads/Main/MecanimBlendTreeStateDiagramCombined.png) For example,
the Blend Tree on the left displays only the root Blend Node because it does
not have child nodes. The Blend Tree on the right has a root with three
Animation Clips as child nodes.

To add **animation clips** Animation data that can be used for animated
characters or simple animations. It is a simple “unit” piece of motion, such
as (one specific instance of) “Idle”, “Walk” or “Run”. [More info](class-
AnimationClip.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationClip) to the blend tree you can
select the blend tree, then click the plus icon in the motion field in the
inspector.

![A Blend Node in the inspector before motions are added. Use the plus icon to
add animation clips or child blend
trees.](../uploads/Main/MecanimBlendTreeInitial.png) A Blend Node in the
inspector before motions are added. Use the plus icon to add animation clips
or child blend trees.

You can also right-click and use the context menu to add animation clips or
child **blend nodes** :

![The context menu when you right-click on a blend tree
node.](../uploads/Main/AnimatorBlendTreeContextMenu.png) The context menu when
you right-click on a blend tree node.

When the blend tree has Animation clips and input parameters, the Inspector
window displays a graphical representation of how the animations are combined.
Use the slider

This visualization changes as the parameter value changes (as you drag the
slider, the arrows from the tree root change their shading to show the
dominant animation clip).

![A 2D Blend Tree with five animation
clips](../uploads/Main/AnimatorBlendTreeInspectorPreview.jpg) A 2D Blend Tree
with five animation clips

Select any of the nodes in the Blend Tree graph to display it in the Inspector
window. If the selected node is an Animation Clip, the Inspector for that
Animation Clip will be shown. The settings will be read-only if the animation
is imported from a model. If the node is a Blend Node, the Inspector for Blend
Nodes will be shown.

Select either 1D or 2D blending from the **Blend Type** menu. The following
topics provide more details on these blend types and the settings available in
the Inspector window:

  * [1D Blending](BlendTree-1DBlending.html)
  * [2D Blending](BlendTree-2DBlending.html)
  * [Direct Blending](BlendTree-DirectBlending.html)
  * [Common Blend Tree Options](BlendTree-AdditionalOptions.html)

BlendTree

[](class-Transition.html)

Animation transitions

[](BlendTree-1DBlending.html)

1D Blending

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

