[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-CubemapArray.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-CubemapArray.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-CubemapArray.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-CubemapArray.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/class-CubemapArray.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/class-CubemapArray.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/class-CubemapArray.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/class-CubemapArray.html)

  * [Materials and shaders](materials-and-shaders.html)
  * [Textures](Textures-landing.html)
  * [Cubemaps](class-Cubemap-landing.html)
  * Preview a cubemap array

[](class-CubemapArray-use-in-shader.html)

Sample a cubemap array in a shader

[](class-Texture3D.html)

3D textures

# Preview a cubemap array

[Switch to Scripting](../ScriptReference/CubemapArray.html "Go to CubemapArray
page in the Scripting Reference")

To preview a **cubemap** A collection of six square textures that can
represent the reflections in an environment or the skybox drawn behind your
geometry. The six squares form the faces of an imaginary cube that surrounds
an object; each face represents the view along the directions of the world
axes (up, down, left, right, forward and back). [More info](class-Cubemap-
landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Cubemap) array in the **Inspector** A Unity
window that displays information about the currently selected GameObject,
asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More
info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) window, navigate to the **Project
window** A window that shows the contents of your `Assets` folder (Project
tab) [More info](ProjectView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Projectwindow) and select the Texture Asset.
The Texture import settings for this Texture Asset are now visible in the
Inspector, and Unity renders a preview of the cubemap array at the bottom of
the Inspector.

![](../uploads/Main/cubemap-array-preview.png)

The following controls are available in the **toolbar** A row of buttons and
basic controls at the top of the Unity Editor that allows you to interact with
the Editor in various ways (e.g. scaling, translation). [More
info](Toolbar.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Toolbar):

**Control** | **Function**  
---|---  
**Filter Mode** | The filtering to use for the preview. See the documentation on [Filter Mode](../ScriptReference/FilterMode.html)  
  
[](class-CubemapArray-use-in-shader.html)

Sample a cubemap array in a shader

[](class-Texture3D.html)

3D textures

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

