[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/compound-colliders-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/compound-colliders-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/compound-colliders-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/compound-colliders-introduction.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/compound-colliders-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/compound-colliders-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/compound-colliders-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/compound-colliders-introduction.html)

  * [Physics](PhysicsSection.html)
  * [Built-in 3D Physics](PhysicsOverview.html)
  * [Collision](collision-section.html)
  * [Collider shapes](collider-shapes.html)
  * [Compound colliders](compound-colliders.html)
  * Introduction to compound colliders

[](compound-colliders.html)

Compound colliders

[](create-compound-collider.html)

Create a compound collider

# Introduction to compound colliders

A **compound**collider** An invisible shape that is used to handle physical
collisions for an object. A collider doesn’t need to be exactly the same shape
as the object’s mesh - a rough approximation is often more efficient and
indistinguishable in gameplay. [More info](CollidersOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Collider)** is a collection of colliders on
the same **Rigidbody** A component that allows a GameObject to be affected by
simulated gravity and other forces. [More info](class-Rigidbody.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Rigidbody) **GameObject** The fundamental
object in Unity scenes, which can represent characters, props, scenery,
cameras, waypoints, and more. A GameObject’s functionality is defined by the
Components attached to it. [More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject).

Compound colliders collectively behave like a single Rigidbody collider. They
are useful when you need an accurate collider for a concave shape, or if you
have a model that would be too computationally demanding to simulate with a
[Mesh collider](mesh-colliders.html)A free-form collider component which
accepts a mesh reference to define its collision surface shape. [More
info](class-MeshCollider.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#MeshCollider).

## Construction of a compound collider

A compound collider is made of the following elements:

  * A parent GameObject that has a Rigidbody
  * Empty child GameObjects that contain colliders

A compound collider should only have one Rigidbody, which should be on the
root GameObject.

For more guidance on how to create a compound collider, see [Create a compound
collider](create-compound-collider.html).

![A compound collider setup on a gun model. Five colliders make up an
approximation of the model’s shape.](../uploads/Main/CompoundCollider.jpg) A
compound collider setup on a gun model. Five colliders make up an
approximation of the model’s shape.

In the above picture, the **Gun Model** GameObject has a Rigidbody attached to
its parent GameObject, and several child GameObjects that each have a
primitive collider. When physics forces move the Rigidbody parent, the child
colliders move along with it. The primitive colliders can collide with other
colliders in the environment, and the parent Rigidbody alters the way it moves
based on these **collisions** A collision occurs when the physics engine
detects that the colliders of two GameObjects make contact or overlap, when at
least one has a Rigidbody component and is in motion. [More
info](CollidersOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Collision).

This configuration offers more flexibility than a single GameObject that
contains a Rigidbody and several colliders. When each collider is on a
different GameObject, you can modify the Transform of each collider
individually. However, you should monitor the Rigidbody’s behavior when you
reposition colliders. Changes to collider position and scale can change the
Rigidbody’s **center of mass** Represents the average position of all mass in
a Rigidbody for the purposes of physics calculations. By default it is
computed from all colliders belonging to the Rigidbody, but can be modified
via script. [More info](../ScriptReference/Rigidbody-centerOfMass.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#CenterofMass), which can result in some
unexpected behavior if continuous change is made over several frames at
runtime. If this happens, you can use
[`rigidbody.centerOfMass`](../ScriptReference/Rigidbody-centerOfMass.html) to
manually set the center of mass.

## How a compound collider works

When you attach several colliders to the same Rigidbody, the physics system
treats the whole collection as a single Rigidbody collider. The [collider
type](collider-types-introduction.html) (dynamic or kinematic) is defined by
the Rigidbody configuration.

When a compound collider touches another collider, Unity registers collisions
per each individual collider in the compound. For this reason, you should try
to arrange your colliders so that you only get the collision pairs you want at
runtime, or use collider labels to determine behaviors caused by specific
colliders.

## Benefits and limitations of compound colliders

In most cases, compound colliders offer a similar solution to [Mesh
colliders](mesh-colliders.html): their primary purpose is to provide accurate
collisions for items with complex shapes. When considering the benefits and
limitations of compound colliders, you are usually comparing them to **Mesh**
The main graphics primitive of Unity. Meshes make up a large part of your 3D
worlds. Unity supports triangulated or Quadrangulated polygon meshes. Nurbs,
Nurms, Subdiv surfaces must be converted to polygons. [More info](mesh.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Mesh) colliders.

The main benefits of compound colliders are:

  * You can get collisions for complex concave shapes. Mesh colliders are more accurate, but they don’t support accurate collisions for concave shapes.
  * In some cases, compound colliders can be less computationally demanding than Mesh colliders. This is often the case for simpler shapes which only require a few colliders to approximate, or for shapes that don’t need to be too accurate. For example, a Mesh collider might generate hundreds of polygons in order to precisely match a complex shape, but an approximation with primitive colliders might require far fewer.

However, compound colliders also have some significant limitations:

  * Compound colliders are not as accurate. In most cases, you build a compound collider out of simpler shapes, which allow you to approximate but not perfectly match the shape of the item.
  * Compound colliders take longer to produce. Compound colliders require you to arrange each collider manually, which takes more time.
  * In some cases, compound colliders can be more computationally demanding than Mesh colliders. This is often the case for very complex shapes which require a high number of colliders to approximate. One Mesh collider might be more efficient than several primitive colliders.

The decision is always unique to your project, so you should test each
configuration and use the Physics **Profiler** A window that helps you to
optimize your game. It shows how much time is spent in the various areas of
your game. For example, it can report the percentage of time spent rendering,
animating, or in your game logic. [More info](Profiler.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Profiler) to understand the efficiency of your
collider setup.

[](compound-colliders.html)

Compound colliders

[](create-compound-collider.html)

Create a compound collider

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

