[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/Components.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/Components.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/Components.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/Components.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/Components.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/Components.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/Components.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/Components.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Working with GameObjects](working-with-gameobjects.html)
  * [Components](unity-components.html)
  * Introduction to components

[](unity-components.html)

Components

[](UsingComponents.html)

Use components

# Introduction to components

**Components** are the functional pieces of every **GameObject**. Components
contain properties which you can edit to define the behavior of a GameObject.
For more information on the relationship between components and GameObjects,
see [GameObjects](GameObjects.html)The fundamental object in Unity scenes,
which can represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more.
A GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it.
[More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject).

To view a list of the components attached to a GameObject in the **Inspector**
A Unity window that displays information about the currently selected
GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the
values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) window, select a GameObject in
either the Hierarchy window or the **Scene** A Scene contains the environments
and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In
each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations,
essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) view.

You can attach many components to a GameObject, but every GameObject must have
one and only one Transform component. This is because the Transform component
dictates the GameObject’s location, rotation, and scale. To create an empty
GameObject, select **GameObject** > **Create Empty**. When you select the new
GameObject, the Inspector displays the Transform component with default
values.

![Empty GameObjects have a Transform component](../uploads/Main/EmptyGO1.png)
Empty GameObjects have a Transform component

[](unity-components.html)

Components

[](UsingComponents.html)

Use components

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

