[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/create-apply-physics-material.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/create-apply-physics-material.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/create-apply-physics-material.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/create-apply-physics-material.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/create-apply-physics-material.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/create-apply-physics-material.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/create-apply-physics-material.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/create-apply-physics-material.html)

  * [Physics](PhysicsSection.html)
  * [Built-in 3D Physics](PhysicsOverview.html)
  * [Collision](collision-section.html)
  * [Collider surfaces](collider-surfaces.html)
  * Create and apply a custom Physics Material

[](collider-surfaces-combine.html)

How collider surface values combine

[](class-PhysicsMaterial.html)

Physics Material asset reference

# Create and apply a custom Physics Material

You can create as many custom [Physics Material](class-PhysicsMaterial.html)A
physics asset for adjusting the friction and bouncing effects of colliding
objects. [More info](class-PhysicsMaterial.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#PhysicsMaterial) assets as you need, and apply
them to **colliders** An invisible shape that is used to handle physical
collisions for an object. A collider doesn’t need to be exactly the same shape
as the object’s mesh - a rough approximation is often more efficient and
indistinguishable in gameplay. [More info](CollidersOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Collider) in your **scene** A Scene contains
the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a
unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and
decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene).

Several colliders can have the same Physics Material asset assigned to them,
and you can set a project-wide default to apply new default settings to all
colliders in the project.

## Create a custom Physics Material asset

To create a Physics Material asset, go to **Assets** > **Create** > **Physics
Material**. By default, Unity places new Physics Material assets in your
`Assets` directory.

You can create as many custom Physics Material assets as you need. Physics
Material assets have the file extension `.physicMaterial`.

## Apply a custom Physics Material asset to a collider

To apply a Physics Material asset to a collider:

  1. Navigate to the target collider’s **Material** property.
  2. In the **Material** property field, select the picker icon.
  3. Select the Physics Material asset you want to use.

Alternatively, you can click and drag the Physics Material asset file directly
from the **Project window** A window that shows the contents of your `Assets`
folder (Project tab) [More info](ProjectView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Projectwindow) onto the target collider’s
**Material** field.

Each collider can only have one assigned Physics Material asset at a time. You
can assign the same Physics Material asset to multiple colliders.

## Set a custom Physics Material asset as the project default

You can use a custom Physics Material asset to replace the project-wide
default settings. Unity applies the project-wide default settings to any
collider that does not have an assigned Physics Material asset.

To change the default Physics Material values: 1\. Create a Physics Material
asset and configure it to the default settings you want for the project. 2\.
Go to the Physics Settings (**Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Physics**).
3\. In the **Default Material** property field, select the picker icon. 4\.
Select the Physics Material you want to use.

[](collider-surfaces-combine.html)

How collider surface values combine

[](class-PhysicsMaterial.html)

Physics Material asset reference

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

