[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CreatingScenes.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CreatingScenes.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CreatingScenes.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CreatingScenes.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CreatingScenes.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CreatingScenes.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CreatingScenes.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CreatingScenes.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Working with scenes](working-with-scenes.html)
  * Introduction to scenes

[](working-with-scenes.html)

Working with scenes

[](scenes-working-with.html)

Creating, loading, and saving Scenes

# Introduction to scenes

Scenes are where you work with content in Unity. They are assets that contain
all or part of a game or application. For example, you might build a simple
game in a single **scene** , while for a more complex game, you might use one
scene per level, each with its own environments, characters, obstacles,
decorations, and **UI**(User Interface) Allows a user to interact with your
application. Unity currently supports three UI systems. [More info](UI-system-
compare.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UI). You can create any number of scenes in a
project.

When you create a new project and open it for the first time, Unity opens a
sample scene that contains only a **Camera** A component which creates an
image of a particular viewpoint in your scene. The output is either drawn to
the screen or captured as a texture. [More info](CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Camera) and a Light.

![The default Unity sample scene, which contains a Main Camera and a
directional Light](../uploads/Main/NewEmptyScene_01.png) The default Unity
sample scene, which contains a Main Camera and a directional Light

For information about working with scenes, see [Creating, loading, and saving
scenes](scenes-working-with.html).

## Scene Templates

Unity uses scene templates to create new scenes. Scene templates are assets
that are stored in a project. They are similar to scenes, but are designed to
be copied rather than used directly.

For information about creating and using scene templates, see [Scene
templates](scene-templates.html).

## The New Scene dialog

The New Scene dialog opens when you create a new scene from the File menu:
(**File** > **New Scene**) or the **Ctrl/Cmd + n** shortcut. Use it to create
new scenes from specific scene templates in your project, and get information
about existing templates.

![The New Scene dialog](../uploads/Main/scene-template-new-scene-dialog.png)  
_The New Scene dialog_

  1. **Search field:** find available scene templates by name.
  2. **Templates:** a list of all available templates in the project.
  3. **Template details:** displays information about the currently selected template.
  4. **Command bar:** provides commands and options for creating a new scene from the selected template.

### Creating a new scene

To create a new scene from the New Scene dialog, select a template from the
templates list, and click **Create**. For a detailed description of creating a
scene this way, see [Creating a new scene from the New Scene dialog](scenes-
working-with.html#creating-a-new-scene-from-the-new-scene-dialog).

### Pinning templates

Pinned templates appear before other templates in the New Scene dialog’s
template list. The last template pinned appears at the top of the list.

Click any template’s pin icon to pin it.

![](../uploads/Main/scene-template-pin.png)

You can also pin a template when you [edit its properties](scene-templates-
editing.html). In the scene template **Inspector** A Unity window that
displays information about the currently selected GameObject, asset or project
settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More
info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector), enable the **Pin in New Scene
Dialog** option.

### Locating and editing templates

When you select a template in the New Scene dialog, the details pane displays
the path to the template (1 in the image below).

To highlight the template in the **Project window** A window that shows the
contents of your `Assets` folder (Project tab) [More info](ProjectView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Projectwindow), select the **Locate** link (2
in the image below).

To open the template in an Inspector window and [edit its properties](scene-
templates-editing.html), select the **Edit** link (3 in the image below).

![](../uploads/Main/scene-template-locate-edit.png)

## Multi-scene editing

You can open multiple scenes for editing at the same time. For details, see
[Multi-scene editing](MultiSceneEditing.html).

* * *

[](working-with-scenes.html)

Working with scenes

[](scenes-working-with.html)

Creating, loading, and saving Scenes

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

