[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CrossPlatformConsiderations.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CrossPlatformConsiderations.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CrossPlatformConsiderations.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CrossPlatformConsiderations.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CrossPlatformConsiderations.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CrossPlatformConsiderations.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CrossPlatformConsiderations.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CrossPlatformConsiderations.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [Cross-platform features and considerations](cross-platform-features.html)
  * Troubleshooting common cross-platform issues

[](cross-platform-features.html)

Cross-platform features and considerations

[](UnityasaLibrary.html)

Using Unity as a Library in other applications

# Troubleshooting common cross-platform issues

Most of Unity’s API and project structure is identical for all supported
platforms and sometimes a project can be rebuilt to run on different devices.
However, fundamental differences in the hardware and deployment methods mean
that parts of a project may not port between platforms without change. This
page lists some common cross-platform issues and suggestions for solving them.

## Input

The best example of different behaviour between platforms is in the input
methods offered by the hardware.

### Keyboard and joypad

The **Input.GetAxis** function is convenient on desktop platforms to
consolidate keyboard and joypad input. This function isn’t suitable for mobile
platforms that rely on touchscreen input. The standard desktop keyboard input
is only suitable for porting typed text to mobile devices. You can add a layer
of abstraction to your input code if you are considering porting to other
platforms in the future. For example, if you are making a driving game, then
you might create your own input class and wrap the Unity API calls in your own
functions:

    
    
    // Returns values in the range -1.0 .. +1.0 (== left .. right).
    function Steering() {
        return Input.GetAxis("Horizontal");
    }
    
    
    // Returns values in the range -1.0 .. +1.0 (== accel .. brake).
    function Acceleration() {
        return Input.GetAxis("Vertical");
    }
    
    
    var currentGear: int;
    
    // Returns an integer corresponding to the selected gear.
    function Gears() {
        if (Input.GetKeyDown("p"))
            currentGear++;
        else if (Input.GetKeyDown("l"))
            currentGear--;
    
        return currentGear;
    }
    
    

Wrapping the API calls in a class puts them into a single source file and
makes the calls easy to locate and replace. You should design your input
functions according to the logical meaning of the inputs in your game. This
helps isolate the rest of the game code from the specific method of input used
with a particular platform.

For example, you could modify the Gears function above so that the actual
input comes from touches on the screen of a mobile device. You can use an
integer to represent the chosen gear works for all platforms, but if you mix
platform-specific API calls with the rest of the code, you could cause
problems. You can also use platform dependent compilation to combine the
different implementation of the input functions in the same source file and
avoid manual swaps.

### Touches and clicks

The **Input.GetMouseButtonXXX** functions are designed to have an obvious
interpretation on mobile devices. The screen reports a simple touch as a left
click and the **Input.mousePosition** property gives the position of the
touch, as long as the finger is touching the screen. Games with simple mouse
interactions can often work transparently between the desktop and mobile
platforms.

Conversion is often much less straightforward than this. For example, a
desktop game can make use of more than one mouse button and a mobile game can
detect multiple touches on the screen at a time. To help manage this, you can
represent input with logical values that are then used by the rest of the game
code.

For example, you might replace a pinch gesture to zoom on a mobile device with
a +/- keystroke on the desktop; the input function could return a float value
that specifies the zoom factor. Likewise, it might be possible to use a two-
finger tap on a mobile to replace a right button click on the desktop.
However, if the properties of the input device are an integral part of the
game then it may not be possible to remodel them on a different platform. This
might mean that you can’t port the game or that you need to modify the input
or gameplay extensively.

### Accelerometer, compass, gyroscope and GPS

These inputs derive from the mobility of handheld devices and so may not have
any meaningful equivalent on the desktop. However, some use cases simply
mirror standard game controls and are ported easily. For example, a driving
game might implement the steering control from the tilt of a mobile device
(determined by the accelerometer). In cases like this, the input API calls are
usually easy to change, so you can replace the accelerometer input with
keystrokes.

However, it might be necessary to recalibrate inputs or vary the game
difficulty to adjust to the different input method. Tilting a device is slower
and more strenuous than pressing keys, which makes it harder to concentrate on
the display. This might make the game more difficult to master on a mobile
device, so it might be appropriate to slow down gameplay or allow more time
per level. This requires designing the game code to adjust these factors.

## Memory, storage and CPU performance

Mobile devices have less storage, memory and CPU power available than desktop
machines and so a game may be difficult to port simply because its performance
isn’t acceptable on lower powered hardware. If you are pushing the limits of
your desktop hardware, then the game probably isn’t a good candidate for
porting to a mobile platform.

### Storage requirements

Video, audio, and textures can use a lot of storage space. You need to manage
storage effectively if you want to port your game. Storage space (which often
also corresponds to download time) is usually not an issue on desktop
machines, but it can be limited on mobile devices. Mobile app stores often
impose a limit on the maximum size of a submitted product. It might require
some planning to address these concerns during your game development.

For example, you may need to provide cut-down versions of assets for mobiles
to save space. Another possibility is that the game may need to be designed so
that large assets can be downloaded on demand rather than being part of the
initial download of the application.

### Automatic memory management

Unity automatically handles the recovery of unused memory from “dead” objects
and often happens unnoticed on desktop machines. However, the lower memory and
CPU power on mobile devices means that garbage collections can be more
frequent, impacting performance and causing unwanted pauses in gameplay. Even
if the game runs in the available memory, it might be necessary to optimize
code to avoid garbage collection pauses.

For more information, refer to the [memory management page](performance-
managed-memory.html).

### CPU power

A game that runs well on a desktop machine might experience poor frame rate on
a mobile device because the mobile CPU struggles with the game complexity. Pay
attention to code efficiency when a project is ported to a mobile platform.

[](cross-platform-features.html)

Cross-platform features and considerations

[](UnityasaLibrary.html)

Using Unity as a Library in other applications

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

