[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)

  * [The Unity Editor](unity-editor.html)
  * [Unity's interface](UsingTheEditor.html)
  * Customizing your workspace

[](Searching.html)

Search in the Editor

[](UnityHotkeys.html)

Unity shortcuts

# Customizing your workspace

You can customize your **Layout** of Views by click-dragging the Tab of any
View to one of several locations. Dropping a Tab in the **Tab Area** of an
existing window will add the Tab beside any existing Tabs. Alternatively,
dropping a Tab in any **Dock Zone** will add the View in a new window.

![Views can be docked to the sides or bottom of any existing
window](../uploads/Main/DockZones.gif) Views can be docked to the sides or
bottom of any existing window

Tabs can also be detached from the Main Editor Window and arranged into their
own floating Editor Windows. Floating Windows can contain arrangements of
Views and Tabs just like the Main Editor Window.

![Floating Editor Windows are the same as the Main Editor Window, except there
is no Toolbar](../uploads/Main/FloatingWindows.jpg) Floating Editor Windows
are the same as the Main Editor Window, except there is no Toolbar

Whenever you’re working in tabbed views, the “active” tab (the tab that has
focus) has a thin blue stripe at the top:

![](../uploads/Main/TabHighlight.png)

When you open more tabs than Unity can fit in a view’s tab area, small
navigation arrows appear. Click them to scroll through the open tabs:

![](../uploads/Main/TabScrollButtons.png)

At any time, you can right-click the tab of any view to view additional
options like Maximize and Close Tab, or add a new tab to the same window. You
can also middle-click an open tab to close it.

![](../uploads/Main/Editor-tabcontext.png)

## Saving and Restoring Layouts

When you’ve created a Layout of Editor Windows, you can Save the layout and
restore it any time. You do this by expanding the Layout drop-down (found on
the Toolbar) and choosing **Save Layout…**. Name your new layout and save it,
then restore it by simply choosing it from the Layout drop-down.

![A completely custom Layout](../uploads/Main/FunkyView.jpg) A completely
custom Layout

* * *

  * Active tab stripe and tab scroll arrows added in [2018.3](https://docs.unity3d.com/2018.X/Documentation/Manual/30_search.html?q=newin2018X) NewIn2018X

[](Searching.html)

Search in the Editor

[](UnityHotkeys.html)

Unity shortcuts

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

