[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CustomPackages.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CustomPackages.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CustomPackages.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CustomPackages.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/CustomPackages.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/CustomPackages.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/CustomPackages.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/CustomPackages.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * Creating custom packages

[](pack-deprecated.html)

Deprecated packages

[](cus-naming.html)

Naming your package

# Creating custom packages

The Unity Package Manager is the official package management system for Unity.
It does the following:

  * Allows Unity to distribute new features and update existing features quickly and easily.
  * Provides a platform for users to discover and share reusable components.
  * Promotes Unity as an extendable and open platform.

You can use the Package Manager to define project dependencies, resolve
package dependencies, download packages, add packages, and integrate content
in your projects.

For general information on what a package is and how the Unity Package Manager
works, see the [Packages](Packages.html)Packages are collections of assets to
be shared and re-used in Unity. The [Unity Package Manager](upm-ui.html) (UPM)
can display, add, and remove packages from your project. These packages are
native to the Unity Package Manager and provide a fundamental method of
delivering Unity functionality. However, the Unity Package Manager can also
display [Asset Store packages](AssetStorePackages.html) that you downloaded
from the Asset Store. [More info](Packages.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Packages) documentation.

## Overview

Packages can contain the following:

  * C# scripts
  * Assemblies
  * Native plug-ins
  * Models, Textures, animation and **audio clips** A container for audio data in Unity. Unity supports mono, stereo and multichannel audio assets (up to eight channels). Unity can import .aif, .wav, .mp3, and .ogg audio file format, and .xm, .mod, .it, and .s3m tracker module formats. [More info](class-AudioClip.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AudioClip), and other assets.

**Note** : Package Manager doesn’t support streaming assets in packages. Use
the
[Addressables](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.addressables@latest)
package instead.

Each package also contains a [Package manifest](upm-manifestPkg.html)Each
package has a _manifest_ , which provides information about the package to the
Package Manager. The manifest contains information such as the name of the
package, its version, a description for users, dependencies on other packages
(if any), and other details. [More info](upm-manifestPkg.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Packagemanifest) file that includes
information such as the package name, its version, a list of its dependencies,
and the URL to its repository.

## Procedure

To create a new package:

  1. Create an empty shell for the package using one of these methods:

     * Set up an embedded package.
     * Set up a local package.
  2. Make sure the layout of your folder structure follows the [package layout convention](cus-layout.html) for Unity packages. For example, if you have Editor and Runtime libraries, make sure you store them under the `Editor` and `Runtime` folders.

  3. If your package includes code, make sure the package layout you created has the necessary assembly definition files. For information about creating and defining assembly definition files, see [Assembly definition and packages](cus-asmdef.html). For additional information, see [Assembly definitions](assembly-definition-files.html).

**Note** : If the **console window** A Unity Editor window that shows errors,
warnings and other messages generated by Unity, or your own scripts. [More
info](Console.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Consolewindow) reports a warning after adding
an assembly definition file, save your project, close it, then reopen it.

  4. Add your tools, libraries, and any assets your package requires.

  5. Add [tests](cus-tests.html) to your package. Tests are essential for ensuring that the package works as expected in different scenarios:

     * Write all your Editor Tests in `Tests/Editor`.
     * Write all your Play Mode Tests in `Tests/Runtime`.
  6. If you have samples for your package, add them to the [proper samples subfolder](cus-samples.html).

**Note** : Packages can contain only samples, but you can also include samples
as part of a tool or template package using the same layout and JSON
structure.

  7. You can update the `CHANGELOG.md` file every time you publish a new version. Every new feature or bug fix should have a trace in this file. For more details on the chosen changelog format, see the [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) documentation.

This step is optional for packages that you don’t share, but strongly
recommended for shared packages, so that users know which version best suits
their needs.

**Tip** : You can provide a link to an external web page where you host this
package’s changelog by setting the [changelogUrl](upm-
manifestPkg.html#changelogUrl) property in your package’s `package.json`
manifest file.

  8. You can [include licenses and third-party notices](cus-legal.html) in the `LICENSE.md` and `THIRD PARTY NOTICES.md` files.

This step is optional for packages that you don’t share, but strongly
recommended for shared packages, so that your users don’t misuse your packages
or violate any third-party licenses.

**Tip** : You can provide a link to an external web page where you host this
package’s licensing and third-party notices by setting the [licensesUrl](upm-
manifestPkg.html#licensesUrl) property in your package’s `package.json`
manifest file.

  9. [Document](cus-document.html) your package.

**Tip** : You can provide a link to an external web page where you host this
package’s documentation by setting the [documentationUrl](upm-
manifestPkg.html#documentationUrl) property in your package’s `package.json`
manifest file.

  10. [Share](cus-share.html) your package.

## Creating a new embedded package

Follow these instructions if you want to create a custom package [inside your
project folder](upm-embed.html).

**Note** : These instructions are part of the larger procedure for Creating
custom packages.

  1. Open the Unity Hub, and [create an empty project](https://docs.unity3d.com/hub/manual/Projects.html) on your computer.

You can also use an existing project on your computer, and [embed the package
under your project](upm-embed.html) or [install the package from a local
folder](upm-ui-local.html). However, starting with a new project makes the
package contents less prone to errors.

  2. Using your computer’s file manager (for example the Windows File Explorer or the macOS Finder), navigate to your project folder and locate the `Packages` subdirectory.

  3. Create a new subdirectory for your package inside the `Packages` folder using a name that matches the [package name](upm-manifestPkg.html#name) and follows the [naming conventions](cus-naming.html). For example, if your package name is `com.example.mypackage`, create a subdirectory called `com.example.mypackage`.

**Note** : This is particularly important if your package contains assets,
because the [AssetDatabase looks for an asset
path](../ScriptReference/AssetDatabase.LoadAssetAtPath.html) that matches
`Packages/<your-package-name>/Assets`, regardless of the actual folder name.

  4. Open your preferred text editor and create a JSON file called `package.json` in the root of the package folder.

  5. Fill out all [required and recommended fields](upm-manifestPkg.html#required) in the `package.json` file. You can use the [package manifest example](upm-manifestPkg.html#example) as a reference.

When you reopen Unity, the new package appears in the [Package Manager
window](Packages.html) and in the **Project window** A window that shows the
contents of your `Assets` folder (Project tab) [More info](ProjectView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Projectwindow), where you can view and modify
the package contents. If you select the `package.json` file in the Project
window, you can also modify its JSON values directly in the **Inspector** A
Unity window that displays information about the currently selected
GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the
values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) window.

Return to the main procedure to complete the creation of your package.

## Creating a new local package

Follow these instructions if you want to create a custom package outside your
project folder.

**Note** : These instructions are part of the larger procedure for Creating
custom packages.

  1. Using your computer’s file manager (for example the Windows File Explorer or the macOS Finder), create a folder for your package.

You can also use an existing location if you’ve already created some content
for your package.

  2. Open your preferred text editor and create a JSON file called `package.json` in the root of the package folder.

  3. Fill out all [required and recommended fields](upm-manifestPkg.html#required) in the `package.json` file, making sure the `name` property follows the [naming conventions](cus-naming.html). You can use the [package manifest example](upm-manifestPkg.html#example) as a reference.

  4. In Unity, create a new project or open an existing project.

  5. Open the [Package Manager window](upm-ui.html) and follow the instructions for [installing a local package](upm-ui-local.html), using the `package.json` file you just created. This step is essential for ensuring the creation of the required `.meta` file.

The new package appears in the Package Manager window and in the Project
window, where you can view and modify the package contents. If you select the
`package.json` file in the Project window, you can also modify its JSON values
directly in the Inspector window.

Return to the main procedure to complete the creation of your package.

[](pack-deprecated.html)

Deprecated packages

[](cus-naming.html)

Naming your package

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

