[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/DeactivatingGameObjects.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/DeactivatingGameObjects.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/DeactivatingGameObjects.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/DeactivatingGameObjects.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/DeactivatingGameObjects.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/DeactivatingGameObjects.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/DeactivatingGameObjects.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/DeactivatingGameObjects.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Working with GameObjects](working-with-gameobjects.html)
  * [GameObject fundamentals](gameobject-fundamentals.html)
  * Deactivate GameObjects

[](StaticObjects.html)

Static GameObjects

[](PrimitiveObjects.html)

Primitive and placeholder objects

# Deactivate GameObjects

To temporarily remove a **GameObject** The fundamental object in Unity scenes,
which can represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more.
A GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it.
[More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) from your **scene** A Scene
contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene
file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles,
and decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene), you can mark the GameObject as
inactive.

To do this, navigate to the **Inspector** A Unity window that displays
information about the currently selected GameObject, asset or project
settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More
info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) window and clear the checkbox to
the left of the GameObject’s name. The names of deactivated GameObjects appear
faded in the Hierarchy window.

To deactivate a GameObject through script, use the
[SetActive](../ScriptReference/GameObject.SetActive.html) method. To see if an
object is active or inactive, check the
[activeSelf](../ScriptReference/GameObject-activeSelf.html) property.

If you deactivate a GameObject, coroutines attached to it are stopped.

## Deactivate a parent GameObject

If you deactivate a parent GameObject, you also deactivate all of its child
GameObjects because the deactivation overrides the `activeSelf` setting on all
child GameObjects. The child GameObjects return to their original state when
you reactivate the parent.

To know if a child GameObject is active in your scene, use the
[activeInHierarchy](../ScriptReference/GameObject-activeInHierarchy.html)
property.

**Note:** The `activeSelf` property is not always accurate if you check a
child GameObject because even if it is set to active, you might have set one
of its parent GameObjects to inactive.

![The selected GameObject \(Cube\) is set as active, but remains inactive
until you set its parent GameObject to
active.](../uploads/Main/deactivating2.png) The selected GameObject (Cube) is
set as active, but remains inactive until you set its parent GameObject to
active.

[](StaticObjects.html)

Static GameObjects

[](PrimitiveObjects.html)

Primitive and placeholder objects

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

