[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/dedicated-server-optimizations.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/dedicated-server-optimizations.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/dedicated-server-optimizations.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/dedicated-server-optimizations.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/dedicated-server-optimizations.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/dedicated-server-optimizations.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/dedicated-server-optimizations.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/dedicated-server-optimizations.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [Dedicated Server](dedicated-server.html)
  * [Get started with Dedicated Server](dedicated-server-get-started.html)
  * Dedicated Server optimizations

[](dedicated-server-player-settings.html)

Dedicated Server Player settings

[](dedicated-server-build.html)

Build your application for Dedicated Server

# Dedicated Server optimizations

Dedicated Server build target performs optimizations for networked
applications. The build target applies some optimizations automatically by
default, while others are optional because their impact depends on the game’s
implementation.

## Automatic optimizations

By default, the Dedicated Server build target performs the following
optimizations:

  * Deactivates the Audio Subsystem
  * Removes lighting threads
  * Removes some Player loop callbacks
  * Removes GPU-only assets

### Audio Subsystem

The Dedicated Server build target deactivates the [Audio](AudioOverview.html)
[Subsystem](../ScriptReference/Subsystem.html) because builds don’t need audio
support when running as a dedicated server. Disabling the Audio Subsystem
reduces CPU load.

### Lighting threads

The Dedicated Server build target removes process threads related to lighting
because there’s no need to render lighting on a server build.

### Player loop callbacks

The Dedicated Server build target disables the following [PlayerLoop
callbacks](../ScriptReference/LowLevel.PlayerLoop.html) because they aren’t
necessary for a server build.

  * Player update loop registration of [`SendMouseEvents`](../ScriptReference/PlayerLoop.PreUpdate.SendMouseEvents.html)
  * Player update loop registration of [`UpdateAllRenderers`](../ScriptReference/PlayerLoop.PostLateUpdate.UpdateAllRenderers.html)
  * Player update loop registration of [`PlayerUpdateCanvases`](../ScriptReference/PlayerLoop.PostLateUpdate.PlayerUpdateCanvases.html)
  * Player update loop registration of all audio callbacks such as [`UpdateAudio`](../ScriptReference/PlayerLoop.PostLateUpdate.UpdateAudio.html)
  * Player update loop registration of all **UI**(User Interface) Allows a user to interact with your application. Unity currently supports three UI systems. [More info](UI-system-compare.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UI) callbacks such as
[`UIElementsUpdatePanels`](../ScriptReference/PlayerLoop.PreLateUpdate.UIElementsUpdatePanels.html)

  * Player update loop registration of all input callbacks such as [`UpdateInputManager`](../ScriptReference/PlayerLoop.EarlyUpdate.UpdateInputManager.html)

### GPU-only assets

The Dedicated Server build target removes GPU-only assets such as texture
**pixel** The smallest unit in a computer image. Pixel size depends on your
screen resolution. Pixel lighting is calculated at every screen pixel. [More
info](ShadowPerformance.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#pixel) data for textures and **mesh** The main
graphics primitive of Unity. Meshes make up a large part of your 3D worlds.
Unity supports triangulated or Quadrangulated polygon meshes. Nurbs, Nurms,
Subdiv surfaces must be converted to polygons. [More info](mesh.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Mesh) vertex data, that the server doesn’t
need. The build target preserves assets with CPU Read/Write access and assets
in the [Resource Folders](LoadingResourcesatRuntime.html).

Textures and meshes imported with CPU Read/Write access disabled are only
accessible by the GPU, whereas the CPU can’t access them. Because the
Dedicated Server build target doesn’t initialize a graphics device, there’s no
need to include this data. Excluding this data reduces the memory usage of the
executable.

Refer to the following lists to learn more about which assets the Dedicated
Server build target removes and preserves.

**Removed** :

  * Textures with CPU Read/Write access disabled.
  * Vertex data for meshes with CPU Read/Write access disabled.

**Preserved** :

  * Textures with CPU Read/Write access enabled.
  * Vertex data for meshes with CPU Read/Write access enabled.
  * Assets in the protected [Resource Folders](LoadingResourcesatRuntime.html).
  * Texture [metadata](AssetMetadata.html) (such as the texture size value).
  * Mesh data that internal systems that run on the CPU require (such as [physics](PhysicsSection.html)), even if CPU Read/Write is disabled.

**Note** : To learn more about CPU Read/Write access, refer to
[Texture.isReadable](../ScriptReference/Texture-isReadable.html) and
[Mesh.isReadable](../ScriptReference/Mesh-isReadable.html).

## Additional optimizations

You also have an option to apply additional optimizations through [Enable
Dedicated Server Optimizations](dedicated-server-player-
settings.html#Optimization) property in the **Player Settings** Settings that
let you set various player-specific options for the final game built by Unity.
[More info](class-PlayerSettings.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#PlayerSettings) window. These optimizations
remove assets such as ****Shaders** A program that runs on the GPU. [More
info](Shaders.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Shader)** and **Fonts**. However, applying
these optimizations may cause issues if the removed assets are referenced in
the game’s implementation.

**Assets removed** :

  * Shaders
  * Fonts

In addition to the automatic optimizations applied through the Dedicated
Server build target, you can apply the following implementation-specific
optimizations manually.

  * Use [conditional compilation](platform-dependent-compilation.html) to selectively include and exclude code depending on the build target.
  * Separate player-specific and server-specific code through class implementations.
  * Remove additional items from the PlayerLoop in server builds. Refer to [PlayerLoop](../ScriptReference/LowLevel.PlayerLoop.html) and [PlayerLoopSystem](../ScriptReference/LowLevel.PlayerLoopSystem.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Understanding optimization in Unity](UnderstandingPerformance.html)
  * [Optimizations tips for Unity UI](https://unity.com/how-to/unity-ui-optimization-tips)
  * [Best practices for performance optimization in Unity](https://unity.com/how-to/advanced-programming-and-code-architecture)

[](dedicated-server-player-settings.html)

Dedicated Server Player settings

[](dedicated-server-build.html)

Build your application for Dedicated Server

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

