[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/deep-linking-android.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/deep-linking-android.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/deep-linking-android.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/deep-linking-android.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/deep-linking-android.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/deep-linking-android.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/deep-linking-android.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/deep-linking-android.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [Android](android.html)
  * [Developing for Android](android-developing.html)
  * Deep linking on Android

[](android-application-entries-set.html)

Set the application entry point for your Android application

[](android-device-features-and-permissions.html)

Device features and permissions

# Deep linking on Android

Deep links are hyperlinks outside of your application that take a user to a
specific location within the application rather than a website. When a user
clicks a deep link, the application opens from the designated location, such
as a specific **scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus of your
game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene, you
place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing and
building your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) in a Unity application. For more
information about deep links and how to use them, refer to [Deep
linking](deep-linking.html).

## Enable deep linking for Android applications

Use an [intent filter](https://developer.android.com/guide/components/intents-
filters) to enable deep linking for Android applications. An intent filter
overrides the standard [Android App Manifest](android-manifest.html) to
include a specific intent filter section for
[Activity](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/Activity).

To set up an intent filter, use the following steps:

  1. Navigate to **Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Player**.
  2. In the **Android settings** tab, expand the **Publishing Settings** section.
  3. In the **Build** section, enable **Custom Main Manifest**. This creates a new file called `AndroidManifest.xml` in `Assets/Plugins/Android`.
  4. In the Project window, go to **Assets** > **Plugins** > **Android** and open the `AndroidManifest.xml` file.
  5. Add the following code sample inside the Unity`<activity>` element, named `com.unity3d.player.UnityPlayerGameActivity` or `com.unity3d.player.UnityPlayerActivity`, and save the file.

    
    
    <intent-filter>
      <action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />
      <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" />
      <category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE" />
      <data android:scheme="unitydl" android:host="mylink" />
    </intent-filter>
    

The built application now opens when the device processes any link that starts
with `unitydl://`.

## Use deep linking on Android

After you enable deep links for Android, the way that you use them is
platform-agnostic. For information on how to handle deep links when your
application opens, refer to [Using deep links](deep-linking.html#using-deep-
links).

[](android-application-entries-set.html)

Set the application entry point for your Android application

[](android-device-features-and-permissions.html)

Device features and permissions

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

