[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/DeveloperToolsFeature.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/DeveloperToolsFeature.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/DeveloperToolsFeature.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/DeveloperToolsFeature.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/DeveloperToolsFeature.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/DeveloperToolsFeature.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/DeveloperToolsFeature.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/DeveloperToolsFeature.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * [Feature sets](FeatureSets.html)
  * Engineering feature set

[](CinematicStudioFeature.html)

Cinematic Studio feature set

[](GameplayStorytellingFeature.html)

Gameplay and Storytelling feature set

# Engineering feature set

The Engineering **feature set** A feature set is a collection of related
packages that you can use to achieve specific results in the Unity Editor. You
can manage feature sets directly in Unity’s Package Manager. [More
info](FeatureSets.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Featureset) contains packages for integration
of C# integrated development environments (IDE), unit testing, code coverage
and performance analysis.

## Getting started

Unity supports the following IDEs: Visual Studio (Windows, macOS) and
JetBrains Rider (Windows, macOS, Linux).

To choose which IDE to use with the Unity Editor, open the
[Preferences](Preferences.html) window, then go to **External Tools** >
**External Script Editor**.

The Unity Test Framework (UTF) lets you test your code in both Edit Mode and
Play Mode, and also on target platforms such as Standalone, Android and iOS.

To access the Unity Test Framework (UTF) in the Unity Editor, go to **Window**
> **General** > **Test Runner**.

The Profile Analyzer aggregates and visualizes frame and marker data from a
set of Unity **Profiler** A window that helps you to optimize your game. It
shows how much time is spent in the various areas of your game. For example,
it can report the percentage of time spent rendering, animating, or in your
game logic. [More info](Profiler.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Profiler) frames to help you understand their
behavior. You can use the Profile Analyzer to compare two sets of data side-
by-side, which complements the single frame analysis already available in the
Unity Profiler.

To open the Profile Analyzer window, go to **Window** > **Analysis** >
**Profile Analyzer**.

Use the Code Coverage package with the Test Runner to gather and present test
coverage information. Run your tests with code coverage enabled to see which
lines of code are executed when the tests run, and whether the tests pass or
fail.

To open the Code Coverage window in the Unity Editor, go to **Window** >
**Analysis** > **Code Coverage**.

Use the Editor coroutines package to start the execution of [iterator
methods](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-
reference/keywords/yield) within the Editor, similar to how we handle
[coroutines](coroutines.html) inside
[MonoBehaviour](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.html) **scripts** A piece of
code that allows you to create your own Components, trigger game events,
modify Component properties over time and respond to user input in any way you
like. [More info](creating-scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts) during runtime.

## Packages

The Engineering feature set contains the following packages:

  * [Visual Studio Editor](com.unity.ide.visualstudio.html)
  * [JetBrains Rider Integration](com.unity.ide.rider.html)
  * [Test Framework](com.unity.test-framework)The Test Framework package (formerly called the Test Runner) is a Unity tool that tests your code in both Edit mode and Play mode, and also on target platforms such as Standalone, Android, or iOS. [More info](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.test-framework@latest)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#TestFramework)

  * [Profile Analyzer](com.unity.performance.profile-analyzer.html)
  * [Code Coverage](com.unity.testtools.codecoverage.html)
  * [Editor coroutines](com.unity.editorcoroutines.html)

## Resources

  * [Integrated development environment (IDE) support](scripting-ide-support.html)
  * [Unity Test Framework overview](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.test-framework@1.1/manual/index.html)
  * [Profile Analyzer overview](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.performance.profile-analyzer@1.1/manual/index.html)
  * [Code Coverage overview](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.testtools.codecoverage@1.1/manual/index.html)
  * [Editor coroutines overview](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.editorcoroutines@0.0/manual/index.html)

## Related forums

  * [Scripting](https://forum.unity.com/forums/scripting.12/)
  * [Testing & Automation](https://forum.unity.com/forums/testing-automation.211/)

## Public roadmap

Find out about upcoming features in the
[Engineering](https://resources.unity.com/unity-engine-roadmap/engineering)
roadmap.

[](CinematicStudioFeature.html)

Cinematic Studio feature set

[](GameplayStorytellingFeature.html)

Gameplay and Storytelling feature set

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

