[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/domain-reloading.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/domain-reloading.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/domain-reloading.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/domain-reloading.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/domain-reloading.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/domain-reloading.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/domain-reloading.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/domain-reloading.html)

  * [Scripting](scripting.html)
  * [Compilation and code reload ](compilation-and-code-reload.html)
  * [Code and scene reload on entering Play mode](code-reloading-editor.html)
  * Enter Play mode with domain reload disabled

[](configurable-enter-play-mode.html)

Configuring how Unity enters Play mode

[](scene-reloading.html)

Enter Play mode with scene reload disabled

# Enter Play mode with domain reload disabled

The scripting domain, also known as the [application
domain](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/app-
domains/application-domains), or simply domain, is a core feature of Unity’s
managed scripting environment. The domain is an isolated section of memory
dedicated to a particular application, which contains the compiled types
required by the application, grouped into logical units called
[assemblies](assembly-definition-files.html). It also contains the data that
represents the current application state, such as the values of variables and
object references in the various sections of [managed memory](performance-
managed-memory.html).

By default Unity reloads the domain on entering Play mode to reset the
application state. Resetting state before entering Play mode is often
desirable so your application starts up as it would at the beginning of a new
build. For example, static counters that were incremented in a previous Play
mode session should begin from zero again in the next one. However, domain
reload is also a time-consuming operation that negatively impacts iteration
times when you frequently switch between Edit and Play mode. For faster
iteration times, you can [disable domain reload](configurable-enter-play-
mode.html#configure-play-mode) on entering Play mode but you must then
manually reset state in your code.

**Note** : Unity also performs domain reload as part of an asset database
refresh when it detects changes to **scripts** A piece of code that allows you
to create your own Components, trigger game events, modify Component
properties over time and respond to user input in any way you like. [More
info](creating-scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts). This still happens even when domain
reload on entering Play mode is disabled. For more information on when and how
asset database refreshes happen, refer to [Refreshing the Asset
Database](AssetDatabaseRefreshing.html).

## Effects of disabling domain reload when entering Play mode

When you disable domain reload:

  * Non-serialized fields keep the values assigned to them during Play mode on returning to Edit mode. This applies for fields of all script types, including MonoBehaviours (including those on prefab assets), ScriptableObjects, and your own custom C# types. For detailed information on what is and isn’t serialized in different contexts, refer to [Serialization rules](script-serialization-rules.html).
  * Static variables keep their values between Play mode sessions.
  * Static events keep their registered subscribers between Play mode sessions.
  * There are no additional `OnDisable` or `OnEnable` calls for scripts marked with the [`[ExecuteInEditMode]`](../ScriptReference/ExecuteInEditMode.html) or [`[ExecuteAlways]`](../ScriptReference/ExecuteAlways.html).

To compensate for this persistence of data between Play mode sessions and
enter Play mode with a fresh application state, you must reset state in your
code.

For more information on the effects of disabling domain and **scene** A Scene
contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene
file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles,
and decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) reload, refer to [Details of disabling
domain and scene reload](configurable-enter-play-mode-details.html).

## Resetting state from code

When domain reloading is disabled, the values of [static
fields](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-
guide/classes-and-structs/static-classes-and-static-class-members#static-
members) and the handlers assigned to static events persist between Play mode
runs. The following code example has a static counter that increments on a
press of any keyboard key. The code also registers a method to handle the
static event
[`EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged`](../ScriptReference/EditorApplication-
playModeStateChanged.html).

With domain reload enabled, Unity reinitializes this code on entering Play
mode, erasing the state from the previous Play mode run, including the counter
value and the registration of the event handler. With domain reload disabled,
the counter value and the event handler registration are both preserved from
the previous run. On the next run of Play mode, the counter begins with the
value it had at the end of the previous run and the event handler method is
called multiple times on one occurrence of the event, generating multiple
“Exiting Play mode!” messages in the console.

    
    
    // Copy-paste this code into a MonoBehaviour script attached to a GameObject in your project.
    // Run it with domain reload enabled and then with domain reload disabled and note the different behavior.
    
    using UnityEngine;
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
    using UnityEditor;
    #endif
    
    public class StateResetExample : MonoBehaviour
    {
        // With domain reload disabled this counter won't reset to zero on exiting Play mode
        static int counter = 0;
    
        void Start()
        {
        // Register handler
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
            EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged += OnExitPlayMode;
    #endif    
        }
    
        void Update()
        {
            if (Input.anyKeyDown)
            {
                counter++;
                Debug.Log("Counter: " + counter);
            }
        }
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
        private static void OnExitPlayMode(PlayModeStateChange state)
        {
            if(state == PlayModeStateChange.ExitingPlayMode)
            {
                // With domain reload disabled this message prints multiple times after the first Play mode run
                Debug.Log("Exiting Play mode!");
            }
        }
    #endif
    }
    

You can fix the problem behavior with code that explicitly resets the counter
and unregisters the event handler between Play mode runs. You can either do
this on entering Play mode or on exiting Play mode.

### Resetting state on exiting Play mode

It’s often most efficient to reset state on exiting Play mode rather than on
entering. You can use the
[`EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged`](../ScriptReference/EditorApplication-
playModeStateChanged.html) event and its
[`ExitingPlayMode`](../ScriptReference/PlayModeStateChange.ExitingPlayMode.html)
enum value to catch the Play mode exit event and reset state at that point. In
the following example the event handler for Play mode exit is used to
unregister itself, but you can also use this method to unregister any other
static event handlers at this point:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
    using UnityEditor;
    #endif
    
    public class StateResetOnExit : MonoBehaviour
    {
        static int counter = 0;
    
        void Start()
        {
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
            EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged += OnExitPlayMode;
    #endif        
        }
    
        // Update is called once per frame
        void Update()
        {
            if (Input.anyKeyDown)
            {
                counter++;
                Debug.Log("Counter: " + counter);
            }
        }
    
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
        private static void OnExitPlayMode(PlayModeStateChange state)
        {
            if(state == PlayModeStateChange.ExitingPlayMode)
            {
                Debug.Log("Exiting Play mode!");
                Debug.Log("Unregistering handler.");
                // Unregister the handler so it doesn't affect the next Play mode run
                EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged -= OnExitPlayMode;
                Debug.Log("Resetting counter.");
                // Reset the counter so it starts from 0 on the next Play mode run
                counter = 0;
            }
        }
    #endif
    }
    

[`EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged`](../ScriptReference/EditorApplication-
playModeStateChanged.html) is in the `UnityEditor` namespace so it only works
in Play mode within the Unity Editor and not in a standalone Player build.

If your code executes in Edit mode in addition to Play mode, you can’t rely on
resetting state on exiting Play mode. Your code might modify a static variable
while in Edit mode, so you must reset the variable on entering Play mode
instead.

**Note** : For scripts that execute in Edit mode, disabling domain reload
skips
[`MonoBehaviour.OnDisable`](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.OnDisable.html)
and disabling scene reload skips
[`MonoBehaviour.OnDestroy`](../ScriptReference/MonoBehaviour.OnDestroy.html),
which makes these methods inappropriate for resetting state in such scripts.
For more information, refer to [Details of disabling domain and scene
reload](configurable-enter-play-mode-details.html).

### Resetting state on entering Play mode

You can also reset state on entering Play mode. This can be a useful
alternative if you encounter any platform-specific problems with capturing the
exiting Play mode event, or if you have code that also executes in Edit mode.
For the purposes of illustration, the following example demonstrates both
resetting static variables and unregistering static event handlers on entering
Play mode. Best practice is to always unregister static event handlers on
exiting Play mode. Waiting until the next Play mode session can cause object
reference issues that lead to unregistering the wrong handler.

Unity has custom initialization attributes in both the `UnityEngine` and
`UnityEditor` namespaces, which you can use to perform initialization work,
including manual state reset. Which attributes you should use depends on
whether your code runs in Edit mode or Play mode. To reset state on entering
Play mode for your Player (runtime) scripts, you can use the
[`[RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethod]`](../ScriptReference/RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethodAttribute.html)
attribute with the
[`RuntimeInitializeLoadType.SubsystemRegistration`](../ScriptReference/RuntimeInitializeLoadType.SubsystemRegistration.html)
parameter:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
    using UnityEditor;
    #endif
    
    public class StateResetOnEnter : MonoBehaviour
    {
        static int counter = 0;
    
        [RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethod(RuntimeInitializeLoadType.SubsystemRegistration)]
        static void Init()
        {
            Debug.Log("Unregistering handler.");
            // Unregister the handler so it doesn't affect the next Play mode run
            EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged -= OnExitPlayMode;
            Debug.Log("Resetting counter.");
            // Reset the counter so it starts from 0 on the next Play mode run
            counter = 0;  
        }
    
        void Start()
        {
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
            EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged += OnExitPlayMode;
    #endif
        }
    
        // Update is called once per frame
        void Update()
        {
            if (Input.anyKeyDown)
            {
                counter++;
                Debug.Log("Counter: " + counter);
            }
        }
    #if UNITY_EDITOR
        private static void OnExitPlayMode(PlayModeStateChange state)
        {
            if(state == PlayModeStateChange.ExitingPlayMode)
            {
                Debug.Log("Exiting Play mode!");
            }
        }
    #endif
    }
    

[`[RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethod]`](../ScriptReference/RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethodAttribute.html)
is in the `UnityEngine` namespace so it’s only available in Play mode. For
Editor-only scripts such as custom Editor windows or **Inspectors** A Unity
window that displays information about the currently selected GameObject,
asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More
info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) that use statics, you can do one of
the following:

  * Use [`[InitializeOnLoadAttribute]`](../ScriptReference/InitializeOnLoadAttribute.html) to register a handler for [`EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged`](../ScriptReference/EditorApplication-playModeStateChanged.html) and then perform state cleanup on either entering or exiting Play mode. Refer to the [`EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged`](../ScriptReference/EditorApplication-playModeStateChanged.html) API reference for an example.
  * Use the [`[InitializeOnEnterPlayMode]`](../ScriptReference/InitializeOnEnterPlayModeAttribute.html) attribute to perform cleanup specifically on entering Play mode.

**Note** : While the previous code examples use MonoBehaviour classes, you can
also use these initialization attributes on scripts of any kind, including
those that inherit from ScriptableObject or your own custom C# types.

## Additional resources

  * [Project Settings window](comp-ManagerGroup.html)
  * [Editor Project Settings](class-EditorManager.html)
  * [Toolbar](Toolbar.html)A row of buttons and basic controls at the top of the Unity Editor that allows you to interact with the Editor in various ways (e.g. scaling, translation). [More info](Toolbar.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Toolbar)

  * [Scene Reloading](scene-reloading.html)
  * [Configurable Enter Play Mode](configurable-enter-play-mode.html)
  * [Running Editor code on launch](running-editor-code-on-launch.html)

[](configurable-enter-play-mode.html)

Configuring how Unity enters Play mode

[](scene-reloading.html)

Enter Play mode with scene reload disabled

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

