[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/editor-EditorWindows.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/editor-EditorWindows.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/editor-EditorWindows.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/editor-EditorWindows.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/editor-EditorWindows.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/editor-EditorWindows.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/editor-EditorWindows.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/editor-EditorWindows.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [User interface (UI)](UIToolkits.html)
  * [Immediate Mode GUI (IMGUI)](GUIScriptingGuide.html)
  * [Extending the Editor with IMGUI](ExtendingTheEditor.html)
  * Create custom Editor Windows with IMGUI

[](ExtendingTheEditor.html)

Extending the Editor with IMGUI

[](editor-PropertyDrawers.html)

Use Property Drawers with IMGUI to customize the Inspector

# Create custom Editor Windows with IMGUI

**Note** : It’s strongly recommended to use the [UI Toolkit](UIElements.html)
to extend the [Unity Editor](UIE-support-for-editor-ui.html), as it provides a
more modern, flexible, and scalable solution than IMGUI.

You can create any number of custom windows in your app. These behave just
like the **Inspector** A Unity window that displays information about the
currently selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to
inspect and edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector), **Scene** A Scene contains the
environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a
unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and
decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) or any other built-in ones. This is a
great way to add a user interface to a sub-system for your game.

![Custom Editor Interface by Serious Games Interactive used for scripting
cutscene actions](../uploads/Main/CustomEditorWindow.jpg) Custom Editor
Interface by Serious Games Interactive used for scripting cutscene actions

Making a custom Editor Window involves the following simple steps:

  * Create a script that derives from EditorWindow.
  * Use code to trigger the window to display itself.
  * Implement the GUI code for your tool.

### Derive From EditorWindow

In order to make your Editor Window, your script must be stored inside a
folder called “Editor”. Make a class in this script that derives from
EditorWindow. Then write your GUI controls in the inner OnGUI function.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEditor;
    using System.Collections;
    
    public class Example : EditorWindow
    
        {
            void OnGUI () {
                // The actual window code goes here
               }
        }
    

_MyWindow.cs - placed in a folder called ‘Editor’ within your project._

### Showing the window

In order to show the window on screen, make a menu item that displays it. This
is done by creating a function which is activated by the **MenuItem**
property.

The default behavior in Unity is to recycle windows, so selecting the menu
item again would show existing windows. This is done by using the function
[EditorWindow.GetWindow](../ScriptReference/EditorWindow.GetWindow.html) Like
this:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEditor;
    using System.Collections;
    
    class MyWindow : EditorWindow {
        [MenuItem ("Window/My Window")]
    
        public static void  ShowWindow () {
            EditorWindow.GetWindow(typeof(MyWindow));
        }
        
        void OnGUI () {
            // The actual window code goes here
        }
    }
    

_Showing the MyWindow_

This will create a standard, dockable editor window that saves its position
between invocations, can be used in custom layouts, etc. To have more control
over what gets created, you can use
[GetWindowWithRect](../ScriptReference/EditorWindow.GetWindowWithRect.html)

### Implementing Your Window’s GUI

The actual contents of the window are rendered by implementing the OnGUI
function. You can use the same UnityGUI classes you use for your ingame GUI
(**GUI** and **GUILayout**). In addition we provide some additional GUI
controls, located in the editor-only classes **EditorGUI** and
**EditorGUILayout**. These classes add to the controls already available in
the normal classes, so you can mix and match at will.

The following C# code shows how you can add GUI elements to your custom
EditorWindow:

    
    
    using UnityEditor;
    using UnityEngine;
    
    public class MyWindow : EditorWindow
    {
        string myString = "Hello World";
        bool groupEnabled;
        bool myBool = true;
        float myFloat = 1.23f;
        
        // Add menu item named "My Window" to the Window menu
        [MenuItem("Window/My Window")]
        public static void ShowWindow()
        {
            //Show existing window instance. If one doesn't exist, make one.
            EditorWindow.GetWindow(typeof(MyWindow));
        }
        
        void OnGUI()
        {
            GUILayout.Label ("Base Settings", EditorStyles.boldLabel);
            myString = EditorGUILayout.TextField ("Text Field", myString);
            
            groupEnabled = EditorGUILayout.BeginToggleGroup ("Optional Settings", groupEnabled);
                myBool = EditorGUILayout.Toggle ("Toggle", myBool);
                myFloat = EditorGUILayout.Slider ("Slider", myFloat, -3, 3);
            EditorGUILayout.EndToggleGroup ();
        }
    }
    

This example results in a window which looks like this:

![Custom Editor Window created using supplied
example.](../uploads/Main/ExampleEditorWindow.png) Custom Editor Window
created using supplied example.

For more info, take a look at the example and documentation on the
[EditorWindow page](../ScriptReference/EditorWindow.html).

[](ExtendingTheEditor.html)

Extending the Editor with IMGUI

[](editor-PropertyDrawers.html)

Use Property Drawers with IMGUI to customize the Inspector

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

