[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/graphics-tiers-customize.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/graphics-tiers-customize.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/graphics-tiers-customize.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/graphics-tiers-customize.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/graphics-tiers-customize.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/graphics-tiers-customize.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/graphics-tiers-customize.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/graphics-tiers-customize.html)

  * [Rendering](rendering-and-post-processing.html)
  * [Render pipelines](render-pipelines.html)
  * [Using the Built-In Render Pipeline](built-in-render-pipeline.html)
  * [Graphics quality settings in the Built-In Render Pipeline](built-in-graphics-quality-settings.html)
  * Configure graphics tiers in the Built-In Render Pipeline

[](graphics-tiers.html)

Graphics tiers in the Built-In Render Pipeline

[](built-in-rendering-paths.html)

Rendering paths in the Built-In Render Pipeline

# Configure graphics tiers in the Built-In Render Pipeline

## Using graphics tiers with C# scripts

Unity stores the value of the current graphics tier in
[Graphics.activeTier](../ScriptReference/Graphics-activeTier.html),
represented by a
[GraphicsTier](../ScriptReference/Rendering.GraphicsTier.html) enum. To add
custom behavior based on the current graphics tier, you can test against this
value.

To override the value of `Graphics.activeTier`, set it directly. Note that you
must do this before Unity loads any **shaders** A program that runs on the
GPU. [More info](Shaders.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Shader) that vary based on graphics tier. A
good place to set this value is in a pre-loading **scene** A Scene contains
the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a
unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and
decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene), before you load your main scene.

## Tier settings

In the Unity Editor, you can configure **tier settings**. Tier settings allow
you to enable or disable graphics features for each tier.

Tier settings work by changing `#define` preprocessor directives in Unity’s
internal shader code. These changes automatically affect prebuilt shaders for
the Built-in **Render Pipeline** A series of operations that take the contents
of a Scene, and displays them on a screen. Unity lets you choose from pre-
built render pipelines, or write your own. [More info](render-pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Renderpipeline) (such as the [Standard
Shader](shader-StandardShader.html)), and the internal shader library code for
[Surface Shaders](SL-SurfaceShaders.html)A streamlined way of writing shaders
for the Built-in Render Pipeline. [More info](SL-SurfaceShaders.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#SurfaceShader). You can also add code to your
own hand-coded shaders that changes their behavior based on tier settings. For
more information, see [Graphics tiers and shader variants](graphics-
tiers.html#shader-variants).

The default tier settings are suitable for most use cases. You should only
change them if you are experiencing performance issues, or if you want to
enable features on lower-end devices that are not enabled by default.

You can configure different tier settings for each graphics tier of a given
build target. You can change tier settings in the following ways:

  * Use the [Graphics Settings](class-GraphicsSettings.html) window, in the **Tier Settings** section.
  * Use these APIs in an Editor script: 
    * [EditorGraphicsSettings](../ScriptReference/Rendering.EditorGraphicsSettings.html)
    * [TierSettings](../ScriptReference/Rendering.TierSettings.html)

You can test tier settings in the Editor. To do this, navigate to **Edit >
Graphics Tier** and choose the tier that you want the Unity Editor to use.

[](graphics-tiers.html)

Graphics tiers in the Built-In Render Pipeline

[](built-in-rendering-paths.html)

Rendering paths in the Built-In Render Pipeline

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

