[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/HOWTO-ImportObjectsFrom3DApps.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/HOWTO-ImportObjectsFrom3DApps.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/HOWTO-ImportObjectsFrom3DApps.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/HOWTO-ImportObjectsFrom3DApps.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/HOWTO-ImportObjectsFrom3DApps.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/HOWTO-ImportObjectsFrom3DApps.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/HOWTO-ImportObjectsFrom3DApps.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/HOWTO-ImportObjectsFrom3DApps.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Working with GameObjects](working-with-gameobjects.html)
  * [Models](models.html)
  * [Creating models outside of Unity](CreatingDCCAssets.html)
  * Support for proprietary model file formats

[](3D-formats.html)

Model file formats

[](models-preparing.html)

Preparing your model files for export

# Support for proprietary model file formats

Unity supports a number of proprietary **model file** A file containing a 3D
data, which may include definitions for meshes, bones, animation, materials
and textures. [More info](3D-formats.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Modelfile) formats. You should not use these
file formats in production; instead, export to the .fbx format wherever
possible. For more information, see [Model file formats](3D-formats.html).

**Note:** This page contains guidance on using proprietary file formats that
use FBX conversion. However, there are two file formats that do not use FBX as
an intermediary: [SketchUp](https://www.sketchup.com/) and
[SpeedTree](https://store.speedtree.com/unity/). For more information about
limitations with these file formats, see [SketchUp Settings](class-
SketchUpImporter.html) and [SpeedTree](class-SpeedTreeImporter.html).

When Unity imports a proprietary file, it launches the 3D modeling software in
the background. Unity then communicates with that proprietary software to
convert the native file into a format Unity can read.

The first time you import a proprietary file into Unity, the 3D modeling
software has to launch in a command-line process. This can take a while, but
subsequent imports are very quick.

**Note:** As of Unity 2019.3, Unity no longer provides built-in support for
Cinema4D files. To continue using Cinema4D files in Unity for versions 2019.3
and later, install [Maxon’s Cinema4D
importer](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/integration/cineware-by-
maxon-158381). Alternatively, you can export an FBX file from Cinema4D
instead.

## Requirements

You need to have the 3D modeling software installed to import proprietary
files directly into Unity. If you don’t have the software installed, use the
FBX format instead.

For more information about importing FBX files, see [Model Import Settings
window](class-FBXImporter.html).

## Application-specific issues

You [import files](ImportingModelFiles.html) in the same way, regardless of
whether they are generic or proprietary files. However, there are some
differences between which features are supported. For more information on the
limitations with a specific 3D application, see:

  * Importing objects from Autodesk® Maya®
  * Importing objects from Autodesk® 3ds Max®
  * Importing objects from Cheetah3D
  * Importing objects from Modo
  * Importing objects from LightWave
  * Importing objects from Blender

## Importing objects from Autodesk® Maya®

Unity imports Autodesk® Maya® files (_.mb_ and _.ma_) through the FBX format,
supporting the following:

  * All nodes with position, rotation and scale; pivot points and names are also imported
  * Meshes with vertex colors, normals and up to 2 UV sets
  * Materials with texture and diffuse color; multiple materials per mesh
  * Animation
  * Joints
  * Blend shapes
  * Lights and Cameras
  * Visibilty
  * Custom property animation

### Limitations

Unity does not support Autodesk® Maya®’s _Rotate Axis_ (pre-rotation).

Joint limitations include:

  * **Joint** A physics component allowing a dynamic connection between Rigidbody components, usually allowing some degree of movement such as a hinge. [More info](Joints.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#joint) Orient (joint only post-rotation)

  * Segment Scale Compensate (joint only option)

Unity imports and supports any Rotate Order you specify in Autodesk® Maya®;
however, once imported, you cannot change that order again inside Unity.

If you import a Model that uses a different rotation order from Unity’s, Unity
[displays that rotation order](AnimationEulerCurveImport.html#RotationOrder)
in the **Inspector** A Unity window that displays information about the
currently selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to
inspect and edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) beside the **Rotation** property.

### Tips and troubleshooting

  * Keep your **scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) simple: only export the objects you
need in Unity when exporting.

  * Unity only supports polygons, so convert any patches or NURBS surfaces into polygons before exporting; see [Autodesk® Maya® documentation](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/maya/learn-explore/caas/CloudHelp/cloudhelp/2015/ENU/Maya/files/Polygon-selection-and-creation-Convert-NURBS-surfaces-to-a-polygon-mesh-htm.html) for instructions.
  * If your model did not export correctly, the node history in Autodesk® Maya® might be causing a problem. In Autodesk® Maya®, select **Edit** > **Delete by Type** > **Non-Deformer History** and then re-export the model.
  * The Autodesk® Maya® FBX Exporter bakes un-supported complex animations constraints, such as Set Driven Keys, in order to import the animation into Unity properly. If you are using Set Driven Keys in Autodesk® Maya®, make sure to set keys on your drivers in order for the animation to be baked properly. For more information, see the Autodesk® Maya® documentation on **Keyframe** A frame that marks the start or end point of a transition in an animation. Frames in between the keyframes are called inbetweens.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#keyframe) Animation.

  * In Autodesk® Maya®, the visibility value is present on each shape but can’t be animated and is not exported to the FBX file. Always set the visibility value on a node and not on a shape.

## Importing Objects From Autodesk® 3ds Max®

Unity imports Autodesk® 3ds Max® files (_.max_) through the FBX format,
supporting the following:

  * All nodes with position, rotation and scale; pivot points and names are also imported
  * Meshes with vertex colors, normals and one or more UV sets
  * Materials with diffuse texture and color. Multiple materials per mesh
  * Animations
  * Bone-based animations
  * Morph targets (blend shapes)
  * Visibility

## Importing objects from Cheetah3D

Unity imports Cheetah3D files (_.jas_) through the FBX format, supporting the
following:

  * All nodes with position, rotation and scale; pivot points and names are also imported
  * Meshes with vertices, polygons, triangles, UVs, and normals
  * Animations
  * Materials with diffuse color and textures

## Importing objects from Modo

Unity imports Modo files (_.lxo_) through the FBX format, supporting the
following:

  * All nodes with position, rotation and scale; pivot points and names are also imported
  * Meshes with vertices, normals and UVs.
  * Materials with Texture and diffuse color; multiple Materials per mesh
  * Animations

To get started, save your **.lxo** file in your Project’s Assets folder. In
Unity, the file appears in the Project View.

Unity re-imports the Asset when it detects a change in the .lxo file.

## Importing objects from Lightwave

Unity imports Lightwave files through the FBX format, supporting the
following:

  * All nodes with position, rotation and scale; pivot points and names are also imported
  * Meshes with up to 2 UV channels
  * Normals
  * Materials with Texture and diffuse color; multiple materials per mesh
  * Animations
  * Bone-based animations

You can also configure the Lightwave AppLink **plug-in** A set of code created
outside of Unity that creates functionality in Unity. There are two kinds of
plug-ins you can use in Unity: Managed plug-ins (managed .NET assemblies
created with tools like Visual Studio) and Native plug-ins (platform-specific
native code libraries). [More info](./plug-ins.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Plug-in) which automatically saves the FBX
export settings you use the first time you import your Lightwave scene file
into Unity. For more information, see the [Lightwave Unity Interchange
documentation](https://docs.lightwave3d.com/display/LW2018/Unity).

### Limitations

Bake your Lightwave-specific materials as textures so that Unity can read
them. For information on doing this using a non-destructive pipeline, see
[Node system in Lightwave](https://www.lightwave3d.com/learn/article/using-
lightwave-to-create-uv-maps-for-military-assets/).

Unity does not support splines or patches. Convert all splines and patches to
polygons before saving and exporting to Unity. For more information, see
[Lightwave documentation](https://docs.lightwave3d.com/display/LW2018/Patch).

## Importing objects from Blender

Unity imports [Blender](https://docs.blender.org/) (_.blend_) files through
the FBX format, supporting the following:

  * All nodes with position, rotation and scale; pivot points and names are also imported
  * Meshes with vertices, polygons, triangles, UVs, and normals
  * Bones
  * Skinned Meshes
  * Animations

### Limitations

Textures and diffuse color are not assigned automatically. You can manually
assign them by dragging the texture onto the **mesh** The main graphics
primitive of Unity. Meshes make up a large part of your 3D worlds. Unity
supports triangulated or Quadrangulated polygon meshes. Nurbs, Nurms, Subdiv
surfaces must be converted to polygons. [More info](mesh.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Mesh) in the **Scene View** An interactive
view into the world you are creating. You use the Scene View to select and
position scenery, characters, cameras, lights, and all other types of Game
Object. [More info](UsingTheSceneView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#SceneView) in Unity.

Blender does not export the visibility value inside animations in the FBX
file.

[](3D-formats.html)

Model file formats

[](models-preparing.html)

Preparing your model files for export

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

