[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/UnityManual.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/UnityManual.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/UnityManual.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/UnityManual.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/UnityManual.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/UnityManual.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/UnityManual.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/UnityManual.html)

  * Unity 6 User Manual

[](UnityManual.html)

Unity 6 User Manual

[](ManualVersions.html)

Documentation versions

# Unity 6 User Manual

[Unity 6](https://unity.com/download) is the long-term supported (previously
known as LTS) release of the next generation of the Unity Engine. It combines
the latest technologies and tools to deliver high-quality, high-performance
experiences for all supported platforms. [Unity 6](WhatsNewUnity6.html)
contains all features, updates, and improvements made in Unity 2023.1 Tech
stream, Unity 2023.2 Tech stream, and Unity 6 Preview.

  * [New in Unity 6](WhatsNewUnity6.html)
  * [Upgrade to Unity 6](UpgradeGuideUnity6.html)
  * [Unity 2023.3 is now Unity 6 Preview](https://discussions.unity.com/t/unity-6-new-naming-convention/942214)

## Highlights of Unity 6

These are some main highlights of Unity 6.

[![Boost rendering performance](../uploads/Main/boost-rendering-
card.png)](rendering-and-post-processing.html)

### Boost rendering performance

Elevate your **scenes** A Scene contains the environments and menus of your
game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene, you
place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing and
building your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) with scalable, captivating visuals
using the latest advances in [rendering](rendering-and-post-processing.html),
[lighting](LightingOverview.html), and [visual effects](visual-effects.html).

[![Simplify multiplayer game creation ](../uploads/Main/multiplayer-land-
card.jpeg)](multiplayer.html)

### Multiplayer game creation

Simplify multiplayer game creation with Unity’s [multiplayer packages and
services](multiplayer.html)

[![Expand multiplatform reach](../uploads/Main/multi-platform-
reach.png)](PlatformSpecific.html)

### Expand multiplatform reach

Build better experiences for mobile platforms, including a newly optimized
runtime for mobile browsers, and get the latest [multiplatform
advances](PlatformSpecific.html) for all supported platforms.

[![Unlock possibilities with Runtime AI ](../uploads/Main/unlock-runtime-
ai.png)](https://unity.com/roadmap/unity-ai)

### Unlock possibilities with Runtime AI

Unlock new possibilities with [Runtime AI powered by
Sentis](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.sentis@latest/), and
create dynamic experiences across all Unity-supported platforms.

[![Achieve more engaging visuals](../uploads/Main/engaging-visuals-
card.png)](render-pipelines.html)

### Achieve more engaging visuals

Create more engaging visuals with the latest updates to
[Lighting](LightingOverview.html), [Graphics performance and
profiling](graphics-performance-profiling.html), [Shader
Graph](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.shadergraph@latest/), and
[Visual Effect
Graph](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.visualeffectgraph@latest/).

[![Enhance productivity and functionality](../uploads/Main/improve-
productivity-card.png)](https://unity.com/unity/features/editor/art-and-
design/cinemachine)

### Enhance productivity and functionality

Improve productivity and functionality across your entire Unity development
environment with better [profiling](performance-profiling-tools.html) options,
[ProBuilder](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.probuilder@latest/),
[Cinemachine](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@latest/),
and [UI Toolkit](UIElements.html).

## Featured content

Featured content of the Unity User Manual.

[![Main.AnimationSection](../uploads/Main/AnimationIntroPic.jpg)](AnimationSection.html)

### [Animation](AnimationSection.html)

Unity’s Animation system for creating complex character animation with
[animation curves](AnimationCurvesOnImportedClips.html)Allows you to add data
to an imported clip so you can animate the timings of other items based on the
state of an animator. For example, for a game set in icy conditions, you could
use an extra animation curve to control the emission rate of a particle system
to show the player’s condensing breath in the cold air. [More
info](AnimationCurvesOnImportedClips.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AnimationCurves) and blending.

[![Main.Audio](../uploads/Main/AudioIntroPic.jpg)](Audio.html)

### [Audio](Audio.html)

Audio in the Unity Editor, including clips, sources, listeners, importing and
sound settings.

[![Main.Unity2D](../uploads/Main/2dintro.jpg)](Unity2D.html)

### [2D game development](Unity2D.html)

Unity Editor’s 2D-specific features including gameplay, **sprites** A 2D
graphic objects. If you are used to working in 3D, Sprites are essentially
just standard textures but there are special techniques for combining and
managing sprite textures for efficiency and convenience during development.
[More info](sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Sprite), and physics.

[![Main.Lighting](../uploads/Main/ProgressiveLightmapper-0.jpg)](LightingOverview.html)

### [Lighting](LightingOverview.html)

Set up realistic or stylized lighting to apply for a range of art styles.

[![Main.UNet](../uploads/Main/mulitplayer-land2.png)](multiplayer.html)

### [Multiplayer](multiplayer.html)

Multiplayer game development with Unity’s multiplayer packages and services.

[![Main.PhysicsSection](../uploads/Main/physics-multi-scene-
pool.png)](PhysicsSection.html)

### [Physics](PhysicsSection.html)

Simulation of 3D motion, mass, gravity and **collisions** A collision occurs
when the physics engine detects that the colliders of two GameObjects make
contact or overlap, when at least one has a Rigidbody component and is in
motion. [More info](CollidersOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Collision).

[![Main.PlatformSpecific](../uploads/Main/platform-
land.jpeg)](PlatformSpecific.html)

### [Platform development](PlatformSpecific.html)

Information about the platforms that you can build your application for.

[![Main.Rendering](../uploads/Main/hdrp-scene-template.png)](rendering-and-
post-processing.html)

### [Rendering](rendering-and-post-processing.html)

Choose a **render pipeline** A series of operations that take the contents of
a Scene, and displays them on a screen. Unity lets you choose from pre-built
render pipelines, or write your own. [More info](render-pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Renderpipeline) and add your own rendering and
**post-processing** A process that improves product visuals by applying
filters and effects before the image appears on screen. You can use post-
processing effects to simulate physical camera and film properties, for
example Bloom and Depth of Field. [More info](PostProcessingOverview.html)
post processing, postprocessing, postprocess  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#post-processing).

[![Main.ScriptingSection](../uploads/Main/ScriptingIntroPic.jpg)](scripting.html)

### [Scripting](scripting.html)

Program your games by using scripting in the Unity Editor.

[![Main.UISystem](../uploads/Main/ui-land.jpg)](UIToolkits.html)

### [UI](UIToolkits.html)

User interface toolkits available in the Unity Editor.

[![Main.Services](../uploads/Main/ServicesSection.png)](UnityServices.html)

### [Unity services](UnityServices.html)

Unity services such as Monetization and Cloud Services, Ads, Cloud Build, and
Multiplayer.

[![Main.VisualEffects](../uploads/Main/visual-effects-landing.png)](visual-
effects.html)

### [Visual effects](visual-effects.html)

Add and customize particle, **lens flare** A component that simulates the
effect of lights refracting inside a camera lens. Use a Lens Flare to
represent very bright lights or add atmosphere to your scene. [More
info](class-LensFlare.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#LensFlare), and full-screen effects.

[![Main.XROverview](../uploads/Main/xr-land.jpg)](XR.html)

### [XR](XR.html)

Develop augmented, mixed, and **virtual reality** Virtual Reality (VR)
immerses users in an artificial 3D world of realistic images and sounds, using
a headset and motion tracking. [More info](VROverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#VirtualReality) experiences with the Unity
Editor.

  

## Additional resources

  * [Best practice guides](best-practice-guides.html) \- Best practices from Unity Support engineers.
  * [Unity Discussions](https://discussions.unity.com/) \- A community-driven place where you can search for frequently asked questions and answers.
  * [The Unity Knowledge Base](https://support.unity3d.com) \- A collection of answers to questions posed to Unity’s Support teams.
  * [Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn/tutorials) \- Step-by-step video and written guides to using the Unity Editor.
  * [Asset Store help](https://support.unity.com/hc/en-us/categories/201253946-Asset-Store) \- Help on **Asset Store** A growing library of free and commercial assets created by Unity and members of the community. Offers a wide variety of assets, from textures, models and animations to whole project examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore) content sharing.

[](UnityManual.html)

Unity 6 User Manual

[](ManualVersions.html)

Documentation versions

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

