[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/inspecting-scripts.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/inspecting-scripts.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/inspecting-scripts.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/inspecting-scripts.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/inspecting-scripts.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/inspecting-scripts.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/inspecting-scripts.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/inspecting-scripts.html)

  * [Scripting](scripting.html)
  * [Get started with scripting](scripting-get-started.html)
  * Inspecting scripts

[](naming-scripts.html)

Naming scripts

[](fundamental-unity-types.html)

Fundamental Unity types

# Inspecting scripts

When you select a script asset in the **Project window** A window that shows
the contents of your `Assets` folder (Project tab) [More
info](ProjectView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Projectwindow), the **Inspector** A Unity
window that displays information about the currently selected GameObject,
asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More
info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector) displays some basic information
about it, including the name of the [assembly](script-compile-order-
folders.html) it belongs to, and a preview of the contents.

**Note:** Although the Inspector displays the contents of the script, you
can’t edit the contents in the Inspector window.

![The script Inspector displaying an example
script.](../uploads/Main/ScriptInspector.png) The script Inspector displaying
an example script.

The script Inspector also displays two buttons, **Open** and **Execution
Order**.

**Open** performs the same function as double-clicking the script in the
Project window, opening the script in the currently configured External Script
Editor. You can configure which external editor Unity uses to open your
**scripts** A piece of code that allows you to create your own Components,
trigger game events, modify Component properties over time and respond to user
input in any way you like. [More info](creating-scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts) in the [External Tools section of the
Preferences window](Preferences.html#external-tools).

The **Execution Order** button opens the [Script Execution Order section of
the Project Settings window](class-MonoManager.html) where you can configure
the order in which Unity executes your scripts.

## Script components in the Inspector window

Any [MonoBehaviour](class-MonoBehaviour.html) script can be used as a
[component](Components.html)A functional part of a GameObject. A GameObject
can contain any number of components. Unity has many built-in components, and
you can create your own by writing scripts that inherit from MonoBehaviour.
[More info](UsingComponents.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#component), which means:

  * You can attach the script to [GameObjects](GameObjects.html)The fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it. [More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject)

  * You can edit the script’s properties and values in the [Inspector window](UsingTheInspector.html)

The example code below declares a public field called `myName`. When you add
this script to a GameObject in your **scene** A Scene contains the
environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a
unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and
decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene), the field becomes visible in the
**Inspector** window as a field labelled **My Name**. The default value of
`none` declared in the script becomes the default value in the **Inspector**
window, which you can then change by typing into the field.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;
    
    public class MainPlayer : MonoBehaviour 
    {
        public string myName = "none";
        
        // Use this for initialization
        void Start () 
        {
            Debug.Log("I am alive and my name is " + myName);
        }
    }
    

Each GameObject you attach your script component to can have its own unique
value for the field.

![A public string field editable in the Inspector
window.](../uploads/Main/EditingVarInspector.png) A public string field
editable in the Inspector window.

Field names are converted to **Inspector** window labels according to the
rules described in [Field name to label conversion](inspecting-
scripts.html#field-name-label-conversion). However, these changes are purely
for display purposes. You should always use the field name in your code.

In the **Inspector** window, if you edit the **My Name** value and press Play,
the console message should now include the text that you entered.

![](../uploads/Main/DebugLogMessage.png)

## Public and private fields

All `public` fields are editable in the **Inspector** window by default. To
prevent a public variable from being displayed in the **Inspector** window,
add the [HideInInspector](../ScriptReference/HideInInspector.html) attribute
to it. To make a `private` field editable in the **Inspector** window, add the
[SerializeField](../ScriptReference/SerializeField.html) attribute to it.

**Note** : You can change the value of a script’s fields in the Editor while
running in [Play mode](configurable-enter-play-mode.html). This allows you to
see the effects of changes directly without having to stop and restart.
However, when you exit Play mode, the values of the fields reset to whatever
they were before you entered Play mode.

## Object reference fields

As well as simple [built-in C# types](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/value-types#built-in-value-
types) such as `bool`, `string`, and `int`, you can also make any field whose
type inherits from [`UnityEngine.Object`](class-Object.html) editable in the
**Inspector** window. This includes all built-in component types (such as
[Transform](class-Transform.html), [AudioSource](class-AudioSource.html),
[Camera](class-Camera.html)A component which creates an image of a particular
viewpoint in your scene. The output is either drawn to the screen or captured
as a texture. [More info](CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Camera), [Light](class-Light.html)), your own
MonoBehaviour script types, and many asset types.

This allows you to make use of the Unity Editor’s drag-and-drop system in your
own scripted components. For example, if you create a public `Transform` field
in your script and add it to one GameObject, you can then drag another
GameObject into that field in the **Inspector** window to set up a reference
to that GameObject’s **Transform component** A Transform component determines
the Position, Rotation, and Scale of each object in the scene. Every
GameObject has a Transform. [More info](class-Transform.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#TransformComponent), which you can then access
at runtime in your script.

For example, this `Follow` script makes one GameObject follow another:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    
    public class Follow : MonoBehaviour
    {
        public Transform objectToFollow;
        public float followSpeed = 1;
    
        void Update()
        {
            // calculate the distance between this object and the target object
            // and move a small portion of that distance each frame:
    
            var delta = objectToFollow.position - transform.position;
            transform.position += delta * Time.deltaTime * followSpeed;
        }
    }
    
    

The script has a public field of type `Transform` which appears in the Editor
as an assignable field. You can drag and drop a different GameObject from your
Hierarchy window into this field, and the Editor assigns a reference to the
Transform component attached to that dropped GameObject.

In the screenshot below, the script is placed on the Sphere GameObject, and
the Cube has been dragged and dropped from the Hierarchy into the **Object To
Follow** field.

![A public Transform field with a GameObject assigned. Here the script is on
the Sphere \(currently selected\), and the Cube was dragged and dropped from
the Hierarchy into the Spheres Object To Follow
field](../uploads/Main/UnityObjectInspectorField.png) A public Transform field
with a GameObject assigned. Here the script is on the Sphere (currently
selected), and the Cube was dragged and dropped from the Hierarchy into the
Sphere’s **Object To Follow** field

## Default object references

If you define public [Object](../ScriptReference/Object.html) fields that can
be assigned in the Editor in your MonoBehaviour script, you can set up default
references for these fields. The default reference fields are visible in the
inspector when you select the script asset in the Project window.

![A MonoBehaviour script with three AudioClip fields. The default references
for these fields are shown
unset.](../uploads/Main/MonoBehaviourDefaultReferences.png) A MonoBehaviour
script with three AudioClip fields. The default references for these fields
are shown unset.

In the example above, there are three public **audio clip** A container for
audio data in Unity. Unity supports mono, stereo and multichannel audio assets
(up to eight channels). Unity can import .aif, .wav, .mp3, and .ogg audio file
format, and .xm, .mod, .it, and .s3m tracker module formats. [More
info](class-AudioClip.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AudioClip) fields, without default references
assigned. You could assign audio clips to each of the AudioClip default
reference fields.

If you assign default references, they’re applied when you add your
MonoBehaviour as a component to a GameObject, or when you reset an existing
instance of your MonoBehaviour on a GameObject to its default values.

**Note:** There is no ongoing link between the references on MonoBehaviour
instances on GameObjects and the default references. This means if you change
the default references, they’re not automatically updated on existing
GameObjects.

Other types of [inspector-editable fields](inspecting-scripts.html) that don’t
inherit from `UnityEngine.Object` (for example, public string or int fields)
don’t have default fields in the Inspector. Instead, they take their default
values from the script itself.

## Field name to label conversion

Unity converts C# field names to labels in the **Inspector** window according
to a set of rules. For example, the variable names in the examples above have
been converted from `myName` to **My Name** , and from `objectToFollow` to
**Object To Follow**. The rules are as follows:

  * Capitalize the first letter
  * Add a space between lowercase and uppercase characters
  * Add a space between an acronym and an uppercase character at the beginning of the next word
  * Remove any`m_` prefix
  * Remove any `k` prefix
  * Remove any `_` prefix

There are some special cases, such as `iPad` or `x64`, where these rules are
not applied.

## Additional resources

  * [Introduction to Components](Components.html)
  * [The Inspector window](UsingTheInspector.html)

[](naming-scripts.html)

Naming scripts

[](fundamental-unity-types.html)

Fundamental Unity types

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

