[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/InstallingUnity.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/InstallingUnity.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/InstallingUnity.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/InstallingUnity.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/InstallingUnity.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/InstallingUnity.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/InstallingUnity.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/InstallingUnity.html)

  * [Install and upgrade](install-and-upgrade.html)
  * [Install Unity](GettingStartedInstallingUnity.html)
  * Install Unity from the command line

[](install-unity-with-download-assistant.html)

Install Unity using Download Assistant

[](DeployingUnityOffline.html)

Install Unity on offline computers

# Install Unity from the command line

If you want to automate the deployment of Unity in an organization, you can
install the Unity Editor and other components from the command line. The
components are normal installer executable programs and packages which you can
use to automate the deployment of Unity.

To automate the Unity deployment through the command line:

  1. Download the installer files for Unity and other components to a folder on your computer. You can use individual [installer files](install-unity-with-installers.html), or installer files and the script generated by [Unity Download Assistant](install-unity-with-download-assistant.html).
  2. Copy the contents of the folder to the destination computers.
  3. If you’re using individual installer files, run the commands to install the components individually. If you’re using Download Assistant, run the install script (`install.bat` on Windows or `install.sh` on Linux or macOS) to install all downloaded items.

The following procedures use the individual installer files option for
installing Unity on Windows and macOS. For information about using the
Download Assistant option, refer to [Install Unity on offline
computers](DeployingUnityOffline.html).

## Install the Unity Editor and components on Windows

Use the following command line arguments to install the Editor and other
components on Windows.

**Command line argument** | **Description**  
---|---  
**/S** | Performs an installation which runs silently without any user interaction.  
**/D=PATH** | Sets the default installation directory. Use with the silent installation option. The default folder is `C:\Program Files (x86)\Unity` (32-bit) or `C:\Program Files\Unity`(64-bit).  
  
**Note** : Installer command line arguments are case-sensitive.

### Install the Unity Editor

To install the Editor to a specific folder location, follow this example. This
example demonstrates installing a 64-bit Editor to the `E:\Development\Unity`
folder:

    
    
    UnitySetup64.exe /S /D=E:\Development\Unity
    

Running this command installs Unity silently to `E:\Development\Unity` folder,
which becomes the root of the Unity installation. In this case, the command
installs the Editor program file to `E:\Development\Unity\Editor\Unity.exe`.

**Note** : Specify the default installation directory path as the last
argument on the command line. Don’t enclose the provided path in quotes, even
if it contains spaces.

### Uninstall the Unity Editor

To perform a silent uninstall, run `Uninstall.exe /S` from the command line or
a script.

**Note** : Although the process finishes right away, there’s a delay before
the files are actually removed. This is because the process copies the
uninstaller to a temporary location so it can remove itself. Make sure that
the working directory isn’t located within the folder where you installed
Unity. If it is, the uninstaller is unable to remove the folder.

### Install other Unity components

To install other Unity components such as those that provide platform build
support, use the following command as an example:

    
    
    UnitySetup-Android-Support-for-Editor-6000.0.24f1.exe /S /D=C:\Program Files\Unity 6000.0.24f1
    

**Note** : You can optionally specify the folder path in the command when
installing other components. In this case, make sure you specify the
installation folder path to the Unity root folder that contains the Editor
folder and not the folder that contains `Unity.exe`.

## Install the Unity Editor and components on macOS

Unity provides the individual installers as `.pkg` files. You can install
these by using the `installer` command.

### Install the Unity Editor

To install the Editor to the `/Applications/Unity` folder on the specified
target volume, use the following command as an example:

    
    
    sudo installer [-dumplog] -package Unity.pkg -target /
    

### Install other Unity components

To install other Unity components such as those that provide platform build
support, use the following command as an example:

`` sudo installer [-dumplog] -package UnitySetup-Android-Support-for-
Editor-6000.0.24f1.pkg -target / `

## Install several Unity versions

You can install multiple versions of Unity on the same computer.

On macOS, the installer creates a folder called `Unity`, and overwrites any
existing folder with this name. To install more than one version of Unity on
macOS, rename the existing `Unity` folder before installing another version.

On Windows, the installation folder is always named `Unity X.Y.Z[fp]W`, where
the `f` marks an official release, and `p` marks a patch release.

**Note** : If you rename a Unity folder, the recommended best practice is to
name the new folder logically. For example, add the Unity version number at
the end of the name. In this case, any existing shortcuts, aliases, and links
to the offline documentation no longer work if they still point to the old
Unity version. If your browser bookmarks to the offline documentation no
longer work, check if the URL points to the correct folder name.

## Additional resources

  * [Install Unity using installer files](install-unity-with-installers.html)
  * [Install Unity using Download Assistant](install-unity-with-download-assistant.html)

[](install-unity-with-download-assistant.html)

Install Unity using Download Assistant

[](DeployingUnityOffline.html)

Install Unity on offline computers

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

