[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/introduction-2d.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/introduction-2d.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/introduction-2d.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/introduction-2d.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/introduction-2d.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/introduction-2d.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/introduction-2d.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/introduction-2d.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](Unity2D.html)
  * Introduction to 2D

[](Unity2D.html)

2D in Unity

[](2d-game-development-landing.html)

2D game development

# Introduction to 2D

You can use Unity to create 2D projects. This page introduces the gameplay,
graphics, and physics specific to 2D Unity projects.

## Gameplay in 2D

The familiar functions of the Unity Editor when you use 3D mode are still
available but with helpful additions to simplify 2D development.

![Scene viewed in 2D mode](../uploads/Main/Overview2D.jpg) Scene viewed in 2D
mode

The most noticeable feature is the **2D** view mode button in the **toolbar**
A row of buttons and basic controls at the top of the Unity Editor that allows
you to interact with the Editor in various ways (e.g. scaling, translation).
[More info](Toolbar.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Toolbar) of the **Scene** A Scene contains the
environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a
unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and
decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) view. When you enable 2D mode, Unity
will set an orthographic (perspective-free) view. This view means that the
**camera** A component which creates an image of a particular viewpoint in
your scene. The output is either drawn to the screen or captured as a texture.
[More info](CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Camera) looks along the z-axis with the y-axis
increasing upwards, which enables you to visualize the scene and easily place
**2D objects** A 2D GameObject such as a tilemap or sprite. [More
info](Unity2D.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#2DObject).

For a full list of 2D components, how to change between 2D and 3D mode, and
the different 2D and 3D mode settings, refer to [2D or 3D
Projects](2Dor3D.html).

## 2D graphics

Graphic objects in 2D are known as **Sprites**. Sprites are standard textures,
with special techniques for combining and managing **sprite** A 2D graphic
objects. If you are used to working in 3D, Sprites are essentially just
standard textures but there are special techniques for combining and managing
sprite textures for efficiency and convenience during development. [More
info](sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Sprite) textures for efficiency and
convenience during development. Unity provides a built-in [Sprite
Editor](sprite/sprite-editor/sprite-editor-landing.html) to let you extract
sprite graphics from a larger image. This enables you to edit many component
images within a single texture in your image editor. You can use this, for
example, to keep the arms, legs, and body of a character as separate elements
within one image.

Sprites are rendered with a [Sprite Renderer](sprite/renderer/renderer-
landing.html)A component that lets you display images as Sprites for use in
both 2D and 3D scenes. [More info](sprite/renderer/renderer-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#SpriteRenderer) component rather than the
[Mesh Renderer](class-MeshRenderer.html)A mesh component that takes the
geometry from the Mesh Filter and renders it at the position defined by the
object’s Transform component. [More info](class-MeshRenderer.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#MeshRenderer) used with 3D objects. You can
add this to a GameObject via the Components menu (**Component** >
**Rendering** > **Sprite Renderer**) or you can create a GameObject directly
with a Sprite Renderer already attached (menu: **GameObject** > **2D Object**
> **Sprite**).

You can also use a [Sprite Creator](sprite/placeholder/placeholder-
landing.html) tool to make placeholder 2D images.

## 2D physics

Unity has a separate physics system to handle 2D physics so you can make use
of optimizations only available with 2D. The components correspond to the
standard 3D physics components such as [Rigidbody](class-Rigidbody.html)A
component that allows a GameObject to be affected by simulated gravity and
other forces. [More info](class-Rigidbody.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Rigidbody), [Box Collider](class-
BoxCollider.html)A cube-shaped collider component that handles collisions for
GameObjects like dice and ice cubes. [More info](class-BoxCollider.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#boxcollider), and [Hinge Joint](class-
HingeJoint.html)A joint that groups together two Rigidbody components,
constraining them to move like they are connected by a hinge. It is perfect
for doors, but can also be used to model chains, pendulums and so on. [More
info](class-HingeJoint.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#HingeJoint), but with `2D` appended to the
name. Therefore, you can equip sprites with [Rigidbody
2D](2d-physics/rigidbody/introduction-to-rigidbody-2d.html), [Box Collider
2D](2d-physics/collider/box-collider-2d-reference.html), and [Hinge Joint
2D](2d-physics/joints/hinge-joint-2d-reference.html). Most 2D physics
components are flattened versions of the 3D equivalents (for example, [**Box
Collider 2D**](2d-physics/collider/box-collider-2d-reference.html) is a square
while [**Box Collider**](class-BoxCollider.html) is a cube) but there are a
few exceptions.

For the full list of 2D physics components, refer to [2D or 3D
Projects](2Dor3D.html). For further information about 2D physics concepts and
components, refer to the [Physics](PhysicsSection.html) section of the manual.
To specify 2D physics settings, refer to the [Physics 2D](class-
Physics2DManager.html) window.

[](Unity2D.html)

2D in Unity

[](2d-game-development-landing.html)

2D game development

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

