[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/ios-device-simulator.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/ios-device-simulator.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/ios-device-simulator.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/ios-device-simulator.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/ios-device-simulator.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/ios-device-simulator.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/ios-device-simulator.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/ios-device-simulator.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [iOS](iphone.html)
  * [Developing for iOS](ios-developing.html)
  * [Test and debug an iOS application](ios-testing-and-debugging.html)
  * Device Simulator for iOS

[](ios-testing-and-debugging.html)

Test and debug an iOS application

[](ios-profile-device.html)

Collecting performance data on an iOS device

# Device Simulator for iOS

Unity’s [Device Simulator](device-simulator.html) can simulate the appearance
and behavior of a variety of iOS devices. This helps you test basic
interactions and view the layout of your application on iOS devices. This
reduces costs, because you don’t need to own a device to simulate it, and
helps you to improve device coverage. Additionally, the Device Simulator
doesn’t require you to build your application which means you can debug layout
issues and iterate quickly.

The Device Simulator doesn’t simulate the graphics back end of the target
device and renders your application in the same way that the Unity Editor
does. This means that it doesn’t impose limitations that the graphics back end
of the target device might have. The Device Simulator also doesn’t simulate
the performance characteristics of the device, so to profile your application,
you must create a build and run it directly on the device. To understand how
to profile your iOS device, refer to [Collecting performance data on an iOS
device](ios-profile-device.html). For more information on the capabilities and
limitations of the Device Simulator, refer to [Device Simulator
introduction](device-simulator-introduction.html).

The Device Simulator includes a variety of iOS devices, but you can also add
other devices if necessary. For information on how to do this, refer to [Add a
device](device-simulator-adding-a-device.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Unity Remote](unity-remote-ios)A downloadable app designed to help with Android, iOS and tvOS development. The app connects with Unity while you are running your project in Play Mode from the Unity Editor. [More info](UnityRemote5.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UnityRemote)

  * [Collecting performance data on an iOS device](ios-profile-device.html)

[](ios-testing-and-debugging.html)

Test and debug an iOS application

[](ios-profile-device.html)

Collecting performance data on an iOS device

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

