[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/iOSManagedStackTraces.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/iOSManagedStackTraces.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/iOSManagedStackTraces.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/iOSManagedStackTraces.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/iOSManagedStackTraces.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/iOSManagedStackTraces.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/iOSManagedStackTraces.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/iOSManagedStackTraces.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [iOS](iphone.html)
  * [Developing for iOS](ios-developing.html)
  * [Test and debug an iOS application](ios-testing-and-debugging.html)
  * Managed stack traces on iOS

[](ios-profile-device.html)

Collecting performance data on an iOS device

[](TroubleShootingIPhone.html)

Troubleshooting on iOS devices

# Managed stack traces on iOS

When an exception occurs in managed code, the stack trace for the exception
can help you understand the cause of the exception. However, the managed stack
trace might not appear as expected for some cases on iOS. The stack trace also
varies depending on the Xcode build configuration.

## Debug builds

When you use the debug build configuration with iOS, **IL2CPP** A Unity-
developed scripting back-end which you can use as an alternative to Mono when
building projects for some platforms. [More info](./scripting-backends-
il2cpp.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#IL2CPP) will report a reliable managed stack
trace, and include each managed method in the call stack. The stack trace
doesn’t include line numbers from the original C# source code.

## Release builds

When you use a release build configuration, IL2CPP might produce a call stack
that’s missing one or more managed methods. This is because the C++ compiler
has inlined the missing methods. Method inlining is usually good for
performance at runtime, but it can make call stacks more difficult to
understand. IL2CPP always provides at least one managed method on the call
stack. This is the method where the exception occurred. It also includes other
methods if they’re not inlined.

If you can reproduce an exception locally, use Xcode to find inlined methods.
Run the application in Xcode, using the release configuration, and set an
exception breakpoint. The native call stack view in Xcode will indicate which
methods actually exist, and which have been inlined.

## Source code line numbers

IL2CPP call stacks don’t include source code line number information by
default in debug or release configurations. You can enable source code line
numbers using the following steps:

  1. Navigate to **Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Player** > **iOS settings** > **Other Settings**.
  2. In the Configuration section, set **IL2CPP Stacktrace Information** to **Method Name, File Name, and Line Number**.

**Note** : Using this option can increase both the build time and final size
of the built program.

[](ios-profile-device.html)

Collecting performance data on an iOS device

[](TroubleShootingIPhone.html)

Troubleshooting on iOS devices

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

