[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/lens-flare-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/lens-flare-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/lens-flare-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/lens-flare-introduction.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/lens-flare-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/lens-flare-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/lens-flare-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/lens-flare-introduction.html)

  * [Visual effects](visual-effects.html)
  * [Lens flares](visual-effects-lens-flares.html)
  * Introduction to lens flare effects

[](visual-effects-lens-flares.html)

Lens flares

[](urp/shared/lens-flare/lens-flare.html)

Lens flares in URP

# Introduction to lens flare effects

Understand how Unity manages **lens flares** A component that simulates the
effect of lights refracting inside a camera lens. Use a Lens Flare to
represent very bright lights or add atmosphere to your scene. [More
info](class-LensFlare.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#LensFlare), which simulate the effect of
lights refracting inside a **camera** A component which creates an image of a
particular viewpoint in your scene. The output is either drawn to the screen
or captured as a texture. [More info](CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Camera) lens. Use them to represent bright
lights or to add a bit more atmosphere to your **Scene** A Scene contains the
environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a
unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and
decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene).

## Flares

A Flare asset allows you to create and configure the appearance of lens
flares.

Flares work by containing several Flare **Elements** on a single **Texture**
An image used when rendering a GameObject, Sprite, or UI element. Textures are
often applied to the surface of a mesh to give it visual detail. [More
info](class-TextureImporter.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#texture). Within the Flare, you pick and
choose which **Elements** you want to include from any of the Textures.

## Displaying flares

A Lens Flare component displays a lens flare that is configured by a [Flare
asset](class-Flare.html).

You can display a Flare asset with a [Light component](class-Light.html). If
you do this, Unity automatically tracks the position and direction of the
Light and uses those values to configure the appearance of the lens flare.

Use this component instead to configure the values of the lens flare yourself,
which gives you more precise control.

[](visual-effects-lens-flares.html)

Lens flares

[](urp/shared/lens-flare/lens-flare.html)

Lens flares in URP

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

