[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/LicenseOverview.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/LicenseOverview.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/LicenseOverview.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/LicenseOverview.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/LicenseOverview.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/LicenseOverview.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/LicenseOverview.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/LicenseOverview.html)

  * [Install and upgrade](install-and-upgrade.html)
  * [Licenses and activation](LicensesAndActivation.html)
  * Licensing overview

[](LicensesAndActivation.html)

Licenses and activation

[](LicenseActivationMethods.html)

License activation methods

# Licensing overview

Unity provides a range of plans for all levels. Some plans are free, while
others have a subscription fee. Check out all the plans at
<https://unity.com/pricing>.

Depending on your plan and type, your license will be governed by one of the
following models:

  * Named user licensing.
  * Serial-based licensing.
  * Floating licensing.

## Named user licensing

Named user licensing is a seat-based licensing solution designed for
individual users in a network-connected environment. Users can be members in
one or more organizations, with one or more subscriptions. When a user signs
in, they’re granted all the entitlements from their organizations’
subscriptions.

Named user licensing requires an internet connection and requires you to sign
in to the Unity Hub or the Unity Editor with your Unity ID credentials.
Signing in activates your license on the current computer. To move your
license to another computer, sign out of Unity applications, then sign in on
another computer to continue your work there.

The license provides a grace period, in case you experience temporary internet
connection issues. During this time, you can continue to use the software
offline. However, you must reconnect to the internet before the grace period
ends, so your license can be re-authenticated automatically.

If you’re an organization administrator, named user licensing provides
improved license visibility and compliance, because you don’t need to track
licensed devices.

## Serial-based licensing

Serial-based licensing is a node-locked licensing solution that manages your
access through a serial key that Unity sends you. You activate the key (or
return it) by using the Unity Hub or the command line.

A serial-based license’s activation is associated with the computer where you
activated it.

This license type lets you work offline, after you [activate the license
online](LicenseActivationMethods.html).

## Floating licensing

Floating licensing is a concurrency-based model designed for complex projects
or larger organizations that need to support multiple users at the same time.

With this model, your organization sets up an on-premises licensing server,
and buys a pool of licenses big enough to accommodate its members who use
Unity concurrently. Whenever an organization member starts the Unity Editor
from a client computer connected to the licensing server, the server removes a
license from the pool. The server assigns that license to the client computer
and the license can be used there for a session. When the last instance of a
Unity Editor is closed on the client computer, the license is released. That
license goes back to the pool, for others to use.

To find out more about floating licensing, contact [Unity
Sales](https://unity.com/support-services). For information about setting up a
floating licensing server, refer to the [Unity Licensing Server
documentation](https://docs.unity.com/licensing/manual).

## Additional resources

  * [Licenses and activation](LicensesAndActivation.html)
  * [License activation methods](LicenseActivationMethods.html)
  * [Unity Floating Licensing Server](https://docs.unity.com/licensing/en-us/manual)

[](LicensesAndActivation.html)

Licenses and activation

[](LicenseActivationMethods.html)

License activation methods

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

