[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/Lightmappers.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/Lightmappers.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/Lightmappers.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/Lightmappers.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/Lightmappers.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/Lightmappers.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/Lightmappers.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/Lightmappers.html)

  * [Lighting](LightingOverview.html)
  * [Direct and indirect lighting](direct-and-indirect-lighting.html)
  * [Precalculating surface lighting with lightmaps](Lightmapping-landing.html)
  * [Baking lightmaps before runtime](Lightmapping-baking-before-runtime.html)
  * Introduction to lightmaps and baking

[](Lightmapping-baking-before-runtime.html)

Baking lightmaps before runtime

[](Lightmapping.html)

Set up your scene and lights for baking

# Introduction to lightmaps and baking

Lightmapping is the process of pre-calculating the brightness of surfaces in a
**Scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of
each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your
environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing and building
your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene), and storing the result in a Texture
called a **lightmap** A pre-rendered texture that contains the effects of
light sources on static objects in the scene. Lightmaps are overlaid on top of
scene geometry to create the effect of lighting. [More
info](Lightmapping.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Lightmap) for later use.

![Left: A simple lightmapped scene. Right: The lightmap Texture generated by
Unity. Note how both shadow and light information is
captured.](../uploads/GlobalIllumination/Lightmap.png) Left: A simple
lightmapped scene. Right: The lightmap Texture generated by Unity. Note how
both shadow and light information is captured.

Lightmaps can include both direct and indirect light. This lighting texture
can be used together with surface information like color (albedo) and relief
(normals) by the **Shader** A program that runs on the GPU. [More
info](Shaders.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Shader) associated with an object’s material.

The data baked into lightmaps cannot change at runtime. Real-time lights can
be overlaid and used additively on top of a lightmapped scene, but cannot
interactively change the lightmaps themselves.

With this approach, we trade the ability to move our lights at gameplay for a
potential increase in performance, suiting less powerful hardware such as
mobile platforms.

Unity bakes lightmaps with the [Progressive Lightmapper](progressive-
lightmapper.html).

For advice on setting up a **lightmapper** A tool in Unity that bakes
lightmaps according to the arrangement of lights and geometry in your scene.
[More info](Lightmapping.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Lightmapper), see [Lightmapping: Getting
started](Lightmapping.html).

# The Progressive Lightmapper

The Progressive Lightmapper is a fast path-tracing-based lightmapper system
that provides baked lightmaps and **Light Probes** Light probes store
information about how light passes through space in your scene. A collection
of light probes arranged within a given space can improve lighting on moving
objects and static LOD scenery within that space. [More
info](LightProbes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#LightProbe) with progressive updates in the
Editor. It requires non-overlapping UVs with small area and angle errors, and
sufficient padding between the charts.

The Progressive Lightmapper takes a short preparation step to process geometry
and instance updates, and generates the G-buffer and chart masks. It then
produces the output immediately and progressively refines it over time for a
much-improved interactive lighting workflow. Additionally, baking times are
much more predictable because the Progressive Lightmapper provides an
estimated time while it bakes.

The Progressive Lightmapper also bakes **global illumination** A group of
techniques that model both direct and indirect lighting to provide realistic
lighting results.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#globalillumination) (GI) at the lightmap
resolution for each texel individually, without upsampling schemes or relying
on any irradiance caches or other global data structures. This makes it robust
and allows you to bake selected portions of lightmaps, which makes it faster
for you to test and iterate on your Scene.

For an in-depth video showing the interactive workflow, see Unity’s video
walkthrough: [In Development - Progressive Lightmapper
(YouTube)](https://youtu.be/foMZJrwRGr0).

[](Lightmapping-baking-before-runtime.html)

Baking lightmaps before runtime

[](Lightmapping.html)

Set up your scene and lights for baking

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

