[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/Lightmapping-SeamStitching.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/Lightmapping-SeamStitching.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/Lightmapping-SeamStitching.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/Lightmapping-SeamStitching.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/Lightmapping-SeamStitching.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/Lightmapping-SeamStitching.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/Lightmapping-SeamStitching.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/Lightmapping-SeamStitching.html)

  * [Lighting](LightingOverview.html)
  * [Direct and indirect lighting](direct-and-indirect-lighting.html)
  * [Precalculating surface lighting with lightmaps](Lightmapping-landing.html)
  * [Baking lightmaps before runtime](Lightmapping-baking-before-runtime.html)
  * [Troubleshooting baked lightmaps](Lightmapping-troubleshooting.html)
  * Smooth hard edges in lightmaps

[](Lightmapping-troubleshooting.html)

Troubleshooting baked lightmaps

[](ProgressiveLightmapper-UVOverlap.html)

Fix light bleeding in lightmaps

# Smooth hard edges in lightmaps

Seam stitching is a feature that smooths unwanted hard edges in
**GameObjects** The fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can represent
characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A GameObject’s
functionality is defined by the Components attached to it. [More info](class-
GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) rendered with baked **lightmaps**
A pre-rendered texture that contains the effects of light sources on static
objects in the scene. Lightmaps are overlaid on top of scene geometry to
create the effect of lighting. [More info](Lightmapping.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Lightmap) generated by the Progressive
**Lightmapper** A tool in Unity that bakes lightmaps according to the
arrangement of lights and geometry in your scene. [More
info](Lightmapping.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Lightmapper).

![A Scene without seam stitching](../uploads/Main/stitch_off.jpg) A Scene
without seam stitching ![A Scene with seam
stitching](../uploads/Main/stitch_on.jpg) A Scene with seam stitching

When Unity bakes lightmaps, it identifies **mesh** The main graphics primitive
of Unity. Meshes make up a large part of your 3D worlds. Unity supports
triangulated or Quadrangulated polygon meshes. Nurbs, Nurms, Subdiv surfaces
must be converted to polygons. [More info](mesh.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Mesh) faces that are close together but
separate from each other as being separate in lightmap space; the edges of
these meshes are called “seams”. Ideally, seams are invisible; however, they
can sometimes appear to have hard edges. This is because the GPU cannot blend
texel values between charts that are separated in the lightmap.

Seam stitching fixes this issue. When you enable seam stitching, Unity does
extra computations to amend the lightmap to improve each seam’s appearance.
Stitching is not perfect, but it often improves the final result
substantially. Seam stitching takes extra time during baking due to extra
calculations Unity makes, so Unity disables it by default.

When you enable seam stitching, the lightmapper identifies the pair of edges
that it should stitch together, and produces illumination which is as smooth
as possible across the seam. This applies only to straight edges which run
horizontally or vertically along chart boundaries in the atlas, and is
designed to work with rectangles which are axis-aligned in UV space.

## Limitations of seam stiching

Seam stitching works with the [Progressive Lightmapper](progressive-
lightmapper.html). Seam stitching only works on single GameObjects; multiple
GameObjects cannot be smoothly stitched together.

## Using seam stitching

You can enable seam stitching on any GameObject with a **Mesh Renderer** A
mesh component that takes the geometry from the Mesh Filter and renders it at
the position defined by the object’s Transform component. [More info](class-
MeshRenderer.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#MeshRenderer) component. In the [Mesh Renderer
Inspector](class-MeshRenderer.html), navigate to the **Lightmapping** section
and **Stitch Seams**.

Alternatively, you can use the
[MeshRenderer.stitchLightmapSeams](../ScriptReference/MeshRenderer-
stitchLightmapSeams.html) API.

[](Lightmapping-troubleshooting.html)

Troubleshooting baked lightmaps

[](ProgressiveLightmapper-UVOverlap.html)

Fix light bleeding in lightmaps

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

