[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/light-probes-and-scene-loading.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/light-probes-and-scene-loading.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/light-probes-and-scene-loading.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/light-probes-and-scene-loading.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/light-probes-and-scene-loading.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/light-probes-and-scene-loading.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/light-probes-and-scene-loading.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/light-probes-and-scene-loading.html)

  * [Lighting](LightingOverview.html)
  * [Direct and indirect lighting](direct-and-indirect-lighting.html)
  * [Precalculating indirect light with Light Probes](LightProbes-landing.html)
  * Load Light Probes in multiple scenes

[](LightProbes-MeshRenderer.html)

Set a GameObject to use light from Light Probes

[](LightProbes-Moving.html)

Move Light Probes at runtime

# Load Light Probes in multiple scenes

Unity updates its **Light Probe** Light probes store information about how
light passes through space in your scene. A collection of light probes
arranged within a given space can improve lighting on moving objects and
static LOD scenery within that space. [More info](LightProbes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#LightProbe) data differently depending on how
you load or unload **Scenes** A Scene contains the environments and menus of
your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene,
you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing
and building your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene).

Unity uses a [LightProbes](../ScriptReference/LightProbes.html) C# object to
store Light Probe data for all currently loaded Scenes. The `LightProbes`
object contains an internal data structure called a tetrahedral tessellation.
Unity uses the tetrahedral tessellation in its calculations to determine how
Light Probes light **GameObjects** The fundamental object in Unity scenes,
which can represent characters, props, scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more.
A GameObject’s functionality is defined by the Components attached to it.
[More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject).

When you load or unload a Scene, Unity automatically updates the `LightProbes`
object to contain the positions and coefficients of all Light Probes in all
currently loaded Scenes. However, whether Unity updates the tetrahedral
tessellation depends on how you load or unload the Scene.

When you load a Scene with
[LoadSceneMode.Single](../ScriptReference/SceneManagement.LoadSceneMode.html),
Unity updates the tetrahedral tessellation automatically as part of the load
process, because the new light probe data completely replaces the previous
light probe data.

When you load a Scene with
[LoadSceneMode.Additive](../ScriptReference/SceneManagement.LoadSceneMode.html),
or unload a Scene with
[UnloadSceneAsync](../ScriptReference/SceneManagement.SceneManager.UnloadSceneAsync.html),
Unity does not automatically update the tetrahedral tessellation, because the
new or removed light probe data needs to be recalculated - which is a
computationally expensive operation, and there may be subsequent scenes to be
loaded or unloaded after this operation.

Therefore Unity provides you with the
[needsRetetrahedralization](../ScriptReference/LightProbes-
needsRetetrahedralization.html) event to allow you to decide when to
retetrahedralize the new light probe data. For example, if you are additively
loading five new scenes, you would not want to retetrahedralize the data five
times, once after each scene loads. Instead, you would only want to
retetrahedralize the data after all five scenes have loaded and all the new
light probe data is ready.

If Unity performs calculations using an out-of-date tetrahedral tessellation,
the results do not take into account any newly loaded or unloaded Light
Probes. This means that Light Probes might not light GameObjects as expected,
and calls to
[LightProbes.CalculateInterpolatedLightAndOcclusionProbes()](../ScriptReference/LightProbes.CalculateInterpolatedLightAndOcclusionProbes.html)
or
[LightProbes.GetInterpolatedProbe()](../ScriptReference/LightProbes.GetInterpolatedProbe.html)
might return unexpected results.

To force Unity to update the tetrahedral tessellation, you can call
[LightProbes.Tetrahedralize](../ScriptReference/LightProbes.Tetrahedralize.html)
or
[LightProbes.TetrahedralizeAsync()](../ScriptReference/LightProbes.TetrahedralizeAsync.html).
These functions cause Unity to update the tetrahedral tessellation with data
from all Light Probes for all currently loaded Scenes.

Updating the tetrahedral tessellation is CPU-intensive, and the CPU impact
increases with the number of Light Probes. If you are loading and unloading
multiple Scenes, and you experience a performance impact from updating the
tetrahedral tessellation, then it might be beneficial to delay the update
until you have loaded or unloaded a certain amount of content, or until a time
when the CPU impact is not likely to affect the performance of your
application.

[](LightProbes-MeshRenderer.html)

Set a GameObject to use light from Light Probes

[](LightProbes-Moving.html)

Move Light Probes at runtime

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

