[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/ManualVersions.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/ManualVersions.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/ManualVersions.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/ManualVersions.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/ManualVersions.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/ManualVersions.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/ManualVersions.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/ManualVersions.html)

  * [Unity 6 User Manual](UnityManual.html)
  * Documentation versions

[](UnityManual.html)

Unity 6 User Manual

[](OfflineDocumentation.html)

Offline documentation

# Documentation versions

The Unity documentation is the Unity User Manual and Unity Scripting API
Reference.

As we continually improve Unity (that is; the Editor and the engine), we add
new features, improve existing features, and sometimes remove old features.

With each Unity release, the Unity documentation changes to reflect this, so
make sure you use the correct version of the User Manual and Scripting API
Reference to match the version of Unity you’re using.

The version of the documentation which accompanies the current full release of
Unity is always available online at
**[docs.unity3d.com](https://docs.unity3d.com/)**.

### Installer (offline) documentation

As well as using the online documentation, you can install a local copy of the
documentation (offline) when you install the Unity software, using:

  * The [Unity Download Assistant](InstallingUnity.html)
  * The [Unity Hub](https://docs.unity3d.com/hub/manual/index.html)

### Documentation updates

We republish the online documentation for the current full release version of
Unity regularly with corrections and missing content regularly. (You can see
the publish version of the documentation at the bottom of every page.)

If there is a current Unity beta release, we also update the current public
beta release documentation with corrections, missing content, and feature
updates regularly.

However, note that we do not update and re-publish:

  * the installer (offline) documentation.

  * legacy documentation, that is; documentation for Unity versions which are no longer a current beta or full release of Unity.

If you need the latest publish of the documentation offline, you can download
it outside of the installer. See the [Offline
Documentation](OfflineDocumentation.html) page for details.

### Which documentation version to use

Most people use the latest full release version of Unity and so use the
documentation at [docs.unity3d.com](https://docs.unity3d.com).

Some people need to use older versions of Unity. This might be the case for
you if you are maintaining or in long-term development of a project which uses
an older version of Unity.

If you are using an older version of Unity, the installer (offline)
documentation matches that version of Unity. However if you chose not to
install local documentation, or want to ensure you can access the latest
publish of the documentation, you can access older versions of the Unity
documentation online. (See list below.)

### Legacy documentation

Documentation for Unity versions which are no longer the current full release
or beta release version of Unity.

**_This documentation is frozen - we do not correct, update or republish it.
However Long-term support versions may be supported for a longer time._**

#### Unity 2017 documentation

  * Version 2017.4 (Long-term Support): [docs.unity3d.com/2017.4](https://docs.unity3d.com/2017.4/Documentation/Manual/index.html)
  * Version 2017.3: [docs.unity3d.com/2017.3](https://docs.unity3d.com/2017.3/Documentation/Manual/index.html)
  * Version 2017.2: [docs.unity3d.com/2017.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/2017.2/Documentation/Manual/index.html)
  * Version 2017.1: [docs.unity3d.com/2017.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/2017.1/Documentation/Manual/index.html)

#### Unity 5 documentation

  * Version 5.6: [docs.unity3d.com/560](https://docs.unity3d.com/560)
  * Version 5.5: [docs.unity3d.com/550](https://docs.unity3d.com/550)
  * Version 5.4: [docs.unity3d.com/540](https://docs.unity3d.com/540)
  * Version 5.3: [docs.unity3d.com/530](https://docs.unity3d.com/530)
  * Version 5.2: [docs.unity3d.com/520](https://docs.unity3d.com/520)
  * Version 5.1: [docs.unity3d.com/510](https://docs.unity3d.com/510)
  * Version 5.0: [docs.unity3d.com/500](https://docs.unity3d.com/500)

#### Unity 4 documentation

  * Version 4.6: [docs.unity3d.com/460](https://docs.unity3d.com/460)
  * Version 4.5: [docs.unity3d.com/450](https://docs.unity3d.com/450)
  * Version 4.3: [docs.unity3d.com/430](https://docs.unity3d.com/430)
  * Version 4.2: [docs.unity3d.com/420](https://docs.unity3d.com/420)
  * Version 4.1: [docs.unity3d.com/410](https://docs.unity3d.com/410)
  * Version 4.0: [docs.unity3d.com/400](https://docs.unity3d.com/400)

#### Unity 3 documentation

  * Version 3.5.5: [docs.unity3d.com/355](https://docs.unity3d.com/355)
  * Version 3.5.3: [docs.unity3d.com/353](https://docs.unity3d.com/353)
  * Version 3.5.2: [docs.unity3d.com/352](https://docs.unity3d.com/352)
  * Version 3.5.1: [docs.unity3d.com/351](https://docs.unity3d.com/351)

[](UnityManual.html)

Unity 6 User Manual

[](OfflineDocumentation.html)

Offline documentation

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

