[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/pack-preview.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/pack-preview.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/pack-preview.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/pack-preview.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/pack-preview.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/pack-preview.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/pack-preview.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/pack-preview.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * [Packages](Packages-all.html)
  * Pre-release packages

[](pack-releasecandidate.html)

Release candidates

[](com.unity.services.moderation.html)

Moderation

# Pre-release packages

When a package is ready for testing, its developer makes sure there is some
basic test coverage, and that the package passes internal testing. The package
also needs at least preliminary documentation, an updated changelog, and
licensing.

Pre-release packages are partially tested and verified to use safely with the
current version of the Unity Editor. Unity supports pre-release packages and
guarantees they will be fully validated for use in production by the time the
Editor reaches the long term support (LTS) phase of the current cycle. For
more information about the pre-release state and the lifecycle of packages,
refer to [package states and lifecycle](upm-lifecycle.html).

Pre-release packages appear in the details view with the
![](../uploads/Main/iconPrerelease.png) label and in the list view with the
![](../uploads/Main/iconPre.png) label.

By default, pre-release packages don’t appear in the list of packages you can
install. However, you can force the Package Manager to display them by
enabling the [Show Pre-release Package Versions](class-PackageManager.html)
project setting.

**Note:** Prior to Unity Editor version 2021.1, the Package Manager used the
“Preview” state to describe packages that are experimental or risky but
otherwise mature, as well as packages that haven’t yet been fully validated as
safe to use in production. Starting with 2021.1, the “Preview” state no longer
exists, and packages can either be “Experimental” or “Pre-release”. This
provides a clearer distinction between packages that are mature but risky to
use, and packages that are almost fully mature.

For a list of stable packages released for this version of the Editor, refer
to [Released packages](pack-safe.html).

Click on any of the following links to see the documentation for the package:

  * Moderation: [com.unity.services.moderation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.moderation@1.0/manual/index.html) ![](../uploads/Main/iconPre.png)

[](pack-releasecandidate.html)

Release candidates

[](com.unity.services.moderation.html)

Moderation

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

