[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/pack-exp.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/pack-exp.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/pack-exp.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/pack-exp.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/pack-exp.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/pack-exp.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/pack-exp.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/pack-exp.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * [Packages](Packages-all.html)
  * Experimental packages

[](com.unity.modules.xr.html)

XR

[](pack-keys.html)

Packages by keywords

# Experimental packages

Experimental packages are new packages or experimental modifications made to
mature packages. Unity doesn’t support Experimental packages because they’re
in the early stages of development.

**Note:** Before Unity Editor version 2021.1, the Package Manager used the
“Preview” state to describe packages that are experimental or risky but
otherwise mature. The Package Manager used the “Preview” state to describe
packages that had not yet been fully validated as safe to use in production.
Starting with 2021.1, the “Preview” state no longer exists, and packages can
either be “Experimental” or “Pre-release.” This provides a clearer distinction
between packages that are mature but risky to use, and packages that are
almost fully mature.

Experimental packages can go through many changes before they’re ready for
release in a specific version of Unity. At some point in the future, they
might pass [the verification requirements](pack-safe.html) but they might also
become deprecated instead. Because there is no guarantee for future support,
you shouldn’t use experimental packages in production.

Packages in experimental state don’t usually appear in the [Unity
Registry](upm-ui-filter.html) context of the Package Manager, even though
they’re on Unity’s official package registry server. These packages aren’t
discoverable in the Package Manager window because:

  * They’re too risky to use in production. Some of these packages require a lot of training and expertise and are recommended only in specific circumstances.
  * They provide shared or additional functionality to existing packages. You shouldn’t use them on their own because they’re “support” packages only.

Experimental packages that aren’t discoverable can still appear in the Package
Manager window if you already installed them in your project or installed them
as dependencies of supported packages. However, they’re hidden so that you
don’t discover them by accident and use them without realizing the risks. If
they do appear in the Editor, they’re always marked in the Package Manager
window with the ![](../uploads/Main/iconExperimental.png) label (details view)
and the ![](../uploads/Main/iconExp.png) label (list view). Also, the
following menu appears as a warning in the Editor:

![The Experimental Packages In Use menu appears as a warning in the
toolbar](../uploads/Main/upm-lifecycle.png) The **Experimental Packages In
Use** menu appears as a warning in the toolbar

You can open the **Experimental Packages In Use** menu and select **Dismiss**
if you don’t want to see this warning for this project. You can also open the
menu and select **Show Experimental Packages** to open the Package Manager
with a filtered list of the experimental packages in your project.

For a list of stable packages verified for this release, see [Released
packages](pack-safe.html).

For more information about package states, see [Package states and
lifecycle](upm-lifecycle.html).

[](com.unity.modules.xr.html)

XR

[](pack-keys.html)

Packages by keywords

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

