[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/ParticleSystems.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/ParticleSystems.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/ParticleSystems.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/ParticleSystems.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/ParticleSystems.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/ParticleSystems.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/ParticleSystems.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/ParticleSystems.html)

  * [Visual effects](visual-effects.html)
  * Particle systems

[](visual-effects.html)

Visual effects

[](ChoosingYourParticleSystem.html)

Choosing your particle system solution

# Particle systems

A **particle system** A component that simulates fluid entities such as
liquids, clouds and flames by generating and animating large numbers of small
2D images in the scene. [More info](class-ParticleSystem.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#particlesystem) simulates and renders many
small images or Meshes, called particles, to produce a visual effect. Each
particle in a system represents an individual graphical element in the effect.
The system simulates every particle collectively to create the impression of
the complete effect.

![The holo table in Unitys Spaceship demo. Made with the Visual Effect
Graph.](../uploads/Main/ParticleSystems-HoloTable.png) The holo table in
Unity’s Spaceship demo. Made with the Visual Effect Graph.

Particle systems are useful when you want to create dynamic objects like fire,
smoke, or liquids because it is difficult to depict this kind of object with a
**Mesh** The main graphics primitive of Unity. Meshes make up a large part of
your 3D worlds. Unity supports triangulated or Quadrangulated polygon meshes.
Nurbs, Nurms, Subdiv surfaces must be converted to polygons. [More
info](mesh.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Mesh) (3D) or **Sprite** A 2D graphic objects.
If you are used to working in 3D, Sprites are essentially just standard
textures but there are special techniques for combining and managing sprite
textures for efficiency and convenience during development. [More
info](sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Sprite) (2D). Meshes and Sprites are better at
depicting solid objects such as a house or a car.

This section contains information on:

  * [Which particle system solution to use for your Project](ChoosingYourParticleSystem.html).
  * [The Built-in Particle System](PartSysUsage.html).
  * [The Visual Effect Graph](VFXGraph.html).

[](visual-effects.html)

Visual effects

[](ChoosingYourParticleSystem.html)

Choosing your particle system solution

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

