[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/PartSysUsage.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/PartSysUsage.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/PartSysUsage.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/PartSysUsage.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/PartSysUsage.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/PartSysUsage.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/PartSysUsage.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/PartSysUsage.html)

  * [Visual effects](visual-effects.html)
  * [Particle systems](ParticleSystems.html)
  * Create and view a Particle System

[](ChoosingYourParticleSystem.html)

Choosing your particle system solution

[](varying-particle-system-properties-over-time.html)

Vary Particle System properties over time

# Create and view a Particle System

The Built-in Particle System uses a component, so placing a Particle System in
a Scene is a matter of adding a pre-made GameObject (menu: **GameObject** The
fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can represent characters, props,
scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A GameObject’s functionality is defined
by the Components attached to it. [More info](class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#GameObject) > **Effects** > **Particle
System** A component that simulates fluid entities such as liquids, clouds and
flames by generating and animating large numbers of small 2D images in the
scene. [More info](class-ParticleSystem.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#particlesystem)) or adding the component to an
existing GameObject (menu: **Component** A functional part of a GameObject. A
GameObject can contain any number of components. Unity has many built-in
components, and you can create your own by writing scripts that inherit from
MonoBehaviour. [More info](UsingComponents.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#component) > **Effects** > **Particle
System**). Because the component is quite complicated, the Inspector is
divided into a number of collapsible sub-sections or **modules** that each
contain a group of related properties. Additionally, you can edit one or more
systems at the same time using a separate Editor window accessed via the
**Open Editor** button in the Inspector. See documentation on the [Particle
System component](class-ParticleSystem.html) and individual [Particle System
modules](ParticleSystemModules.html) to learn more.

When a GameObject with a Particle System is selected, the **Scene** A Scene
contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene
file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles,
and decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) view contains a small **Particle
Effect** panel, with some simple controls that are useful for visualising
changes you make to the system’s settings.

![](../uploads/Main/PartSysEffectPanel.png)

The **Playback Speed** allows you to speed up or slow down the particle
simulation, so you can quickly see how it looks at an advanced state. The
**Playback Time** indicates the time elapsed since the system was started;
this may be faster or slower than real time depending on the playback speed.
The **Particle Count** indicates how many particles are currently in the
system. The playback time can be moved backwards and forwards by clicking on
the **Playback Time** label and dragging the mouse left and right. The buttons
at the top of the panel can be used to pause and resume the simulation, or to
stop it and reset to the initial state.

[](ChoosingYourParticleSystem.html)

Choosing your particle system solution

[](varying-particle-system-properties-over-time.html)

Vary Particle System properties over time

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

