[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/profiler-modules-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/profiler-modules-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/profiler-modules-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/profiler-modules-introduction.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/profiler-modules-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/profiler-modules-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/profiler-modules-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/profiler-modules-introduction.html)

  * [Optimization](analysis.html)
  * [Unity Profiler](Profiler.html)
  * [Collect performance data](profiler-collect-data.html)
  * [Data visualization](profiler-visualizing-data.html)
  * Profiler modules introduction

[](profiler-visualizing-data.html)

Data visualization

[](profiler-modules-activate.html)

Activating and enabling Profiler modules

# Profiler modules introduction

Collect specific performance data about your application with **Profiler** A
window that helps you to optimize your game. It shows how much time is spent
in the various areas of your game. For example, it can report the percentage
of time spent rendering, animating, or in your game logic. [More
info](Profiler.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Profiler) modules.

The top area of the [Profiler window](ProfilerWindow.html) contains Profiler
modules that profile specific areas of your application. When you profile your
application, Unity displays the data related to each module in corresponding
charts.

![Profiler window with a frame in the CPU Usage Profiler module selected. The
Timeline view is selected in the details pane.](../uploads/Main/profiler-cpu-
module.png) Profiler window with a frame in the CPU Usage Profiler module
selected. The Timeline view is selected in the details pane.

## Module types

The [CPU Usage module](ProfilerCPU.html) provides an overview of how much time
your application spends on each frame. The other modules collect data which
you can use to inspect specific areas or to monitor the vitals of your
application, such as memory consumption, rendering, or audio statistics.

Each module has its own chart. When you select a module, the details panel in
the bottom section of the Profiler window displays detailed data that the
module collects. You can then use this data to identify areas of improvement
in your application.

For a full list of available Profiler modules refer to the [Profiler window
reference](ProfilerWindow.html).

## Custom Profiler modules

You can add your own Profiler modules to the Profiler window to capture and
visualize specific performance data in your application. You can either use
the [Profiler Module Editor](profiler-module-editor.html) or use **scripts** A
piece of code that allows you to create your own Components, trigger game
events, modify Component properties over time and respond to user input in any
way you like. [More info](creating-scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts) to automatically create and populate
modules.

The following image of a customized Profiler window contains:

  * **A** : A [custom Profiler module](profiler-creating-custom-modules.html) named **Tank Effects**.

  * **B** : A [custom module details panel](profiler-customizing-details-view.html) that visualizes the data in the Tank Effects profiler module.

  * **C** [Custom Profiler counters](profiler-adding-information-code-intro.html).

![](../uploads/Main/Profiler_Tank_details.png)

For more information, refer to [Customizing Profiler modules](profiler-
customizing.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Using the Profiler window](ProfilerWindow.html)
  * [Profiling your application](profiler-profiling-applications.html)
  * [Profiler window reference](ProfilerWindow.html)
  * [Customizing Profiler modules](profiler-customizing.html)

[](profiler-visualizing-data.html)

Data visualization

[](profiler-modules-activate.html)

Activating and enabling Profiler modules

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

