[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/profiler-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/profiler-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/profiler-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/profiler-introduction.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/profiler-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/profiler-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/profiler-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/profiler-introduction.html)

  * [Optimization](analysis.html)
  * [Unity Profiler](Profiler.html)
  * Profiler introduction

[](Profiler.html)

Unity Profiler

[](profiler-collect-data.html)

Collect performance data

# Profiler introduction

Analyze the performance of your application with the **Profiler** A window
that helps you to optimize your game. It shows how much time is spent in the
various areas of your game. For example, it can report the percentage of time
spent rendering, animating, or in your game logic. [More info](Profiler.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Profiler).

The Profiler records multiple areas of your application’s performance, and
displays that information to you. You can use this information to decide what
you might need to optimize in your application, and to test the performance of
changes you make.

![Profiler window with a frame in the CPU Usage Profiler module selected. The
Timeline view is selected in the details pane.](../uploads/Main/profiler-cpu-
module.png) Profiler window with a frame in the CPU Usage Profiler module
selected. The Timeline view is selected in the details pane.

You can inspect script code and view how your application uses certain assets
and resources that might be slowing it down. You can also compare how your
application performs on different devices. The Profiler has several different
[Profiler modules](profiler-modules-introduction.html) which display
performance data in areas such as rendering, memory, and audio.

The Profiler is an instrumentation-based profiler, which means that the
Profiler uses markers in your application’s code to record detailed timing
information about how long the code in each marker takes to execute. The Unity
API has profiler markers built in so you can explore the performance of your
code, locate performance issues, and identify areas to optimize.

You can also use custom [Profiler markers](profiler-markers.html)Placed in
code to describe a CPU or GPU event that is then displayed in the Unity
Profiler window. Added to Unity code by default, or you can use
[ProfilerMarker
API](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.profiling.core@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/profilermarker-
guide.html) to add your own custom markers. [More info](profiler-markers.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Profilermarker) to monitor specific data, or
use [Deep Profiling](profiler-deep-profiling.html) to further customize the
data you gather.

## Additional resources

  * [Collect performance data](profiler-collect-data.html)
  * [Visualizing performance data](profiler-visualizing-data.html)
  * [Using the Profiler window](ProfilerWindow.html)

[](Profiler.html)

Unity Profiler

[](profiler-collect-data.html)

Collect performance data

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

