[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html)

  * [Materials and shaders](materials-and-shaders.html)
  * [Shaders](Shaders.html)
  * [Troubleshooting shaders](shader-troubleshooting.html)
  * [Reducing the size or number of shaders](shader-reducing.html)
  * [Reducing shader variants](shader-variants-landing.html)
  * Check how many shader variants you have

[](shader-variants.html)

Introduction to shader variants

[](shader-variant-stripping.html)

Strip shader variants

# Check how many shader variants you have

You can use logging and profiling tools to check how many **shader** A program
that runs on the GPU. [More info](Shaders.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Shader) variants Unity compiles, and identify
ways you can remove ([strip](shader-variant-stripping.html)) variants to
improve build times and reduce memory usage. You can do the following:

  * Get a list of shader variants the Editor uses
  * Get a list of shader variants Unity creates at build time
  * Get a list of shader variants Unity compiles at runtime
  * Check how much memory shaders use at runtime
  * Highlight missing shaders at runtime

## Get a list of shader variants the Editor uses

You can generate a list of shader variants that the Editor uses in the
**Scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of
each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your
environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing and building
your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) view and the Game view. To do this:

  1. Go to **Edit > Project Settings > Graphics**.
  2. Under **Shader Loading** , you can see how many shaders and shader variants you have next to **Currently tracked:**.
  3. Select **Save to asset…** to create a [shader variant collection asset](shader-variant-collections.html).

## Get a list of shader variants Unity creates at build time

After you build your project, open the `Editor.log` log file and search for
`Compiling shader` to see which variants Unity compiles and strips. For
example:

    
    
    Compiling shader "Sprites/Default" pass "" (vp)
        Full variant space:         8
        After settings filtering:   8
        After built-in stripping:   4
        After scriptable stripping: 4
        Processed in 0.00 seconds
        starting compilation...
        finished in 0.03 seconds. Local cache hits 0 (0.00s CPU time), remote cache hits 0 (0.00s CPU time), compiled 4 variants (0.09s CPU time), skipped 0 variants
        Prepared data for serialisation in 0.00s
    

If you use the Universal **Render Pipeline** A series of operations that take
the contents of a Scene, and displays them on a screen. Unity lets you choose
from pre-built render pipelines, or write your own. [More info](render-
pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Renderpipeline) (URP) or the High Definition
Render Pipeline (HDRP), refer to the following:

  * [Shader Stripping](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.universal@17.0/manual/shader-stripping.html) in URP
  * [Reduce shader variants](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition@17.0/manual/reduce-shader-variants.html) in HDRP

## Get a list of shader variants Unity compiles at runtime

  1. Go to **Edit > Project Settings > Graphics**.
  2. Under **Shader Loading** , enable **Log Shader Compilation**.
  3. When you build your project, enable ****Development Build** A development build includes debug symbols and enables the Profiler. [More info](https://docs.unity.com/devops/en/manual/build-target-configurations#Build_target_advanced_settings_overview)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#DevelopmentBuild)** in the [build
settings](BuildSettings.html).

  4. In the [Console Window](Console.html)A Unity Editor window that shows errors, warnings and other messages generated by Unity, or your own scripts. [More info](Console.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Consolewindow), select **Editor** and enable
**Full Log [Developer Mode Only]**.

  5. Start the application you built.

Unity prints a `Compiled shader` message in the Console Window when it
compiles a shader for the GPU.

## Check how much memory shaders use at runtime

Use the [Memory Profiler module](ProfilerMemory.html) or the [Memory Profiler
package](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.memoryprofiler@1.0/manual/index.html)
to check how much memory shaders are using at runtime. If a shader uses a lot
of memory, you can experiment with stripping its variants.

## Highlight missing shaders at runtime

In Unity 2022.2 and above, you can force Unity to show a pink error shader
during runtime, when a Material tries to use a missing shader variant.

  1. Go to **Edit > Project Settings > Player**.
  2. Under **Other Settings** , in the **Shader Settings** section, select **Strict shader variant matching**.

You can also enable this in C# **scripts** A piece of code that allows you to
create your own Components, trigger game events, modify Component properties
over time and respond to user input in any way you like. [More info](creating-
scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts) using
[`strictShaderVariantMatching`](../ScriptReference/PlayerSettings-
strictShaderVariantMatching.html).

When you do this, Unity shows a warning in the console with the missing
variant and its keywords. You can use this during [stripping](shader-variant-
stripping.html) to check you don’t remove shader variants your project needs.

[](shader-variants.html)

Introduction to shader variants

[](shader-variant-stripping.html)

Strip shader variants

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

