[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)

  * [Unity 6 User Manual](UnityManual.html)
  * Trademarks and terms of use

[](OfflineDocumentation.html)

Offline documentation

[](WhatsNew.html)

What's new in Unity

# Trademarks and terms of use

“Unity”, Unity logos, and other Unity trademarks are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere
(more info [here](https://unity.com/legal/trademarks)). Other names or brands
are trademarks of their respective owners.

Code snippets in the Unity Editor Manual and Scripting Reference are licensed
under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects (see
<https://unity.com/legal/licenses/unity-companion-license>). Unless expressly
provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly
on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please
review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions. All
other information in the Unity Manual and Scripting Reference is licensed
under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0
International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/legalcode)
(CC BY-NC-ND)

The Unity Editor Manual and Scripting Reference may contain links to third-
party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Unity is not
responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites
or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from
such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply
any endorsement by Unity of such websites or resources or the content,
products, or services available from such websites or resources. You
acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use
of any such websites or resources.

[](OfflineDocumentation.html)

Offline documentation

[](WhatsNew.html)

What's new in Unity

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

