[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/terrain-RaiseLowerTerrain.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/terrain-RaiseLowerTerrain.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/terrain-RaiseLowerTerrain.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/terrain-RaiseLowerTerrain.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/terrain-RaiseLowerTerrain.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/terrain-RaiseLowerTerrain.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/terrain-RaiseLowerTerrain.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/terrain-RaiseLowerTerrain.html)

  * [World building](CreatingEnvironments.html)
  * [Terrain](script-Terrain.html)
  * [Terrain tools](terrain-Tools.html)
  * Raise or Lower Terrain

[](terrain-Tools.html)

Terrain tools

[](terrain-PaintHoles.html)

Paint Holes

# Raise or Lower Terrain

Use the **Raise or Lower Terrain** tool to alter the height of a **Terrain**
The landscape in your scene. A Terrain GameObject adds a large flat plane to
your scene and you can use the Terrain’s Inspector window to create a detailed
landscape. [More info](terrain-UsingTerrains.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Terrain) tile.

To access the tool, click the **Paint Terrain** icon, and in the drop-down
menu, select **Raise or Lower Terrain**. Select a brush from the palette, then
click and drag the cursor over a Terrain object to raise its height. Click and
drag while holding down the Shift key to lower the Terrain height.

![Raise or Lower Terrain tool in the Terrain
Inspector](../uploads/Main/1.3.2-RaiseOrLowerTerrains_grey.png) Raise or Lower
Terrain tool in the Terrain Inspector

To access the **Raise or Lower Terrain** tool from an overlay:

  1. In the **Terrain Tools** overlay, select **Sculpt Mode** ![Sculpt Mode Menu](../uploads/Main/terrainOverlays-SculptModeMenuButton.png). Sculpt Mode tools display at the end of the **Terrain Tools** overlay.
  2. From the available Sculpt Mode tools on the **Terrain Tools** overlay, select **Raise or Lower Terrain** ![Raise Lower Terrain](../uploads/Main/terrainOverlays-RaiseLowerTerrainButton.png).

Use the **Brush Size** slider to control the size of your tool to create
different effects, from large mountains to tiny details. The **Opacity**
slider determines the strength of the brush when you apply it to the Terrain.
An **Opacity** value of 100 sets the brush to full strength, while a value of
50 sets the brush to half strength.

Use different brushes to create a variety of effects. For example, increase
the height with a soft-edged brush to create rolling hills, and then decrease
the height of some areas with a hard-edged brush to cut steep cliffs and
valleys.

![Rolling hills divided by a steep
valley](../uploads/Main/1.3.2-TerrainRaiseLower_example.png) Rolling hills
divided by a steep valley

You can also use **heightmaps** A greyscale Texture that stores height data
for an object. Each pixel stores the height difference perpendicular to the
face that pixel represents.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Heightmap) to edit the height of your Terrain.
For more information, see [Working with Heightmaps](terrain-Heightmaps.html).

* * *

  * 2019–04–17 Page published 

  * Updated content to match new UI

[](terrain-Tools.html)

Terrain tools

[](terrain-PaintHoles.html)

Paint Holes

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

