[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/TerrainTools.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/TerrainTools.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/TerrainTools.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/TerrainTools.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/TerrainTools.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/TerrainTools.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/TerrainTools.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/TerrainTools.html)

  * [World building](CreatingEnvironments.html)
  * Terrain Tools

[](terrain-Runtime.html)

Using Terrain at runtime

[](multiplayer.html)

Multiplayer

# Terrain Tools

The [Terrain Tools preview
package](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.terrain-
tools@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/getting-started-with-terrain-
tools.html) provides additional functionality on top of Unity’s [built-in
Terrain tools](script-Terrain.html). It includes more advanced features such
as Erosion, sculpting tools, and Brush Mask Filters. It also contains the
**Terrain** The landscape in your scene. A Terrain GameObject adds a large
flat plane to your scene and you can use the Terrain’s Inspector window to
create a detailed landscape. [More info](terrain-UsingTerrains.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Terrain) Toolbox, which lets you create new
Terrain from preset files or imported **heightmaps** A greyscale Texture that
stores height data for an object. Each pixel stores the height difference
perpendicular to the face that pixel represents.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Heightmap), batch change settings on multiple
Terrain tiles, and import/export splatmaps and heightmaps.

This add-on toolset is suitable if you require more control over the
appearance of your Terrain, and wish to streamline Terrain workflows. It’s
also useful when you want to make more complex-looking Terrain, or author
Terrain Texture data in external tools such as Houdini and World Machine.

For more information about how to install and use the Terrain Tools package,
see the [Terrain Tools
documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.terrain-
tools@latest).

[](terrain-Runtime.html)

Using Terrain at runtime

[](multiplayer.html)

Multiplayer

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

