[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/terrain-Tree-Hierarchy-UI.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/terrain-Tree-Hierarchy-UI.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/terrain-Tree-Hierarchy-UI.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/terrain-Tree-Hierarchy-UI.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/terrain-Tree-Hierarchy-UI.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/terrain-Tree-Hierarchy-UI.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/terrain-Tree-Hierarchy-UI.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/terrain-Tree-Hierarchy-UI.html)

  * [World building](CreatingEnvironments.html)
  * [Terrain](script-Terrain.html)
  * [Trees](terrain-Trees-Landing.html)
  * [Create trees with Tree Editor](class-Tree.html)
  * Tree Hierarchy view UI reference

[](terrain-Tree-Performance.html)

Performance tips for trees

[](tree-Root-Node.html)

Root node reference

# Tree Hierarchy view UI reference

The **Tree Hierarchy** view shows the groups arranged in vertical levels. For
example, in this structure there is a single trunk, and a branch group in a
level above it, with eight branches:

![The Tree Hierarchy view showing the tree root node, above it a single trunk,
and above that a branch group with eight
branches.](../uploads/Main/Tree_Hie_Example.png) The Tree Hierarchy view
showing the tree root node, above it a single trunk, and above that a branch
group with eight branches.

Each level shows its group type with an icon, and has lines connecting it to
other levels. The number in the top-right corner is the number of branches or
leaves that exist in the group. The eye icon just below the number controls
the visibility of the group in the **Scene** A Scene contains the environments
and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In
each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations,
essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) view. Click the eye to toggle
visibility on or off.

![A single group. The icon is a branch icon, showing the group type. The
number, 8, is the number of branches in the group. The eye shows the group is
visible. When the group isnt visible, the eye is crossed
out.](../uploads/Main/TreeIconDetails.png) A single group. The icon is a
branch icon, showing the group type. The number, 8, is the number of branches
in the group. The eye shows the group is visible. When the group isn’t
visible, the eye is crossed out.

## Additional resources

  * [Root node reference](tree-Root-Node.html)
  * [Branch group reference](tree-Branches.html)
  * [Leaf group reference](tree-Leaves.html)

[](terrain-Tree-Performance.html)

Performance tips for trees

[](tree-Root-Node.html)

Root node reference

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

