[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/TrackerModules.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/TrackerModules.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/TrackerModules.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/TrackerModules.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/TrackerModules.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/TrackerModules.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/TrackerModules.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/TrackerModules.html)

  * [Audio](Audio.html)
  * Tracker Modules

[](AudioFiles.html)

Audio files

[](AudioMixer.html)

Audio Mixer

# Tracker Modules

Tracker Modules are essentially just packages of audio samples that have been
modeled, arranged and sequenced programatically. The concept was introduced in
the 1980’s (mainly in conjunction with the Amiga computer) and has been
popular since the early days of game development and demo culture.

Tracker Module files are similar to MIDI files in many ways. The tracks are
scores that contain information about when to play the instruments, and at
what pitch and volume and from this, the melody and rhythm of the original
tune can be recreated. However, MIDI has a disadvantage in that the sounds are
dependent on the sound bank available in the audio hardware, so MIDI music can
sound different on different computers. In contrast, tracker modules include
high quality PCM samples that ensure a similar experience regardless of the
audio hardware in use.

## Supported formats

Unity supports the four most common module file formats, namely Impulse
Tracker (**.it**), Scream Tracker (**.s3m**), Extended Module File Format
(**.xm**), and the original Module File Format (**.mod**).

## Benefits of Using Tracker Modules

Tracker module files differ from mainstream PCM formats (**.aif** , **.wav** ,
**.mp3** , and **.ogg**) in that they can be very small without a
corresponding loss of sound quality. A single sound sample can be modified in
pitch and volume (and can have other effects applied), so it essentially acts
as an “instrument” which can play a tune without the overhead of recording the
whole tune as a sample. As a result, tracker modules lend themselves to games,
where music is required but where a large file download would be a problem.

## Third Party Tools and Further References

Currently, the most popular tools to create and edit Tracker Modules are
MilkyTracker for macOS and OpenMPT for Windows.

[](AudioFiles.html)

Audio files

[](AudioMixer.html)

Audio Mixer

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

