[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/udp-firebase.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/udp-firebase.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/udp-firebase.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/udp-firebase.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/udp-firebase.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/udp-firebase.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/udp-firebase.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/udp-firebase.html)

  * [Unity Services](UnityServices.html)
  * [Unity Distribution Portal](udp.html)
  * [Using UDP with other services](udp-service-interoperability.html)
  * Using Firebase with UDP builds

[](udp-service-interoperability.html)

Using UDP with other services

[](udp-reference.html)

UDP reference

# Using Firebase with UDP builds

**Important**  
---  
The Unity Distribution Portal (UDP) is shutting down on February 17th, 2025.
Access to the UDP Web console and services will be permanently deactivated on
this date. To download your keystores and instructions on how to republish
your games directly to app stores, visit the [UDP overview](https://api-
udp.unity.com/overview) page. If you have any questions about your account,
submit a ticket with [Unity Customer Support](https://support.unity.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000323692).  
  
Implementing [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) in your Android games
lets you leverage the Firebase product layer, for example for **analytics**
Abbreviation of **Unity Analytics**  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Analytics) or
[crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/docs/crashlytics). If your game uses
Firebase, additional configuration is required to support the builds that
Unity Distribution Portal ([UDP](https://unity.com/udp)) creates for different
stores.

When your app invokes Firebase products, Firebase checks that the following
information matches the details registered on the Firebase console:

  * The package name of the app
  * The certificate the app was signed with
  * The google_app_id in the Android package (APK) resource

These details must match in order for Firebase to provide accurate analysis.

For certain stores where you publish your game via UDP, UDP adds a store-
specific suffix to the package name. Additionally, if you don’t use your own
private key to generate the certificate, UDP generates a certificate for each
repacked build. These events would cause your certificate and/or package name
to no longer match the information on the Firebase console.

The UDP console displays a warning for Firebase services if you register your
app to stores that need a package name suffix.

![Firebase services warning in UDP console](../uploads/Main/udp-firebase-
warning.png) Firebase services warning in UDP console

To enable your store-specific builds to work correctly with Firebase, you must
register them with your Firebase project. The following sections explain how
to configure Firebase for your UDP builds.

## Configuring Firebase for your UDP builds

This section gives an overview of the steps required to configure Firebase for
your UDP builds (apps). For more detailed information, see the [Firebase
documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/unity/setup).

### Prerequisites

  * You have [created a Firebase project](https://firebase.google.com/docs/unity/setup#create-firebase-project) and added it to your app
  * You have [added the Firebase Unity SDKs](https://firebase.google.com/docs/unity/setup#add-sdks) to your app
  * You have [registered your game with a store](udp-managing-and-publishing.html#register) in the UDP console
  * If you use the app-signing private key generated by UDP, repack and publish your app to generate a certificate

**Note** : During the process to register your app, you can download a google-
services.json file. Unity recommends that you register all your package
versions before you download this file.

  1. [Register your app with Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs/unity/setup#register-app). 
     * Use the store-specific package name from the UDP console: **My Games** > **Publish** > **Store** > **Advanced** page.
  2. In the Firebase console, go to **Project Settings** A broad collection of settings which allow you to configure how Physics, Audio, Networking, Graphics, Input and many other areas of your project behave. [More info](comp-ManagerGroup.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#ProjectSettings) and add your app’s
fingerprint store certificate.

     * If you use your own key, get your fingerprint with the command:  
`keytool -keystore path-to-your-keystore -list -v`

     * If you don’t use your own key, use the SHA1 certificate for the corresponding UDP store (**UDP Console** > **My Games** > **Publish** > **Store** > **Advanced**)
     * You can also download the APK certificate and get the fingerprint information with the command:  
`openssl x509 -in path-to-your-certificate -fingerprint -noout`

Repeat these steps for each store-specific app you want to link to your
Firebase project. Firebase adds an App ID for each app you add.

When you’ve registered all your apps, [add the Firebase configuration
file](https://firebase.google.com/docs/unity/setup#add-config-file) to your
Unity project.

## Adding Firebase configuration files

When you register an app in Firebase, Firebase creates a google-services.json
configuration file. When you’ve added all your apps to Firebase, download the
file and add it to your project.

  1. In the Firebase console go to your app’s Project Settings page.
  2. Download the google-services.json file.
  3. Copy the google-services.json file into your Unity project’s **Assets** folder.

Your project is now properly configured for Firebase. To ensure stable
operation of your app, rebuild and publish your project.

## Adding your Firebase ID in the UDP console

For each build you’ve added to Firebase, in the UDP console, add the App ID:

  1. Copy the build-specific App ID from Firebase.
  2. In the UDP console, go to **My Games** > **Publish** > **Store** > **Advanced** page. 
    1. Paste the App ID into the **Firebase App ID** field.
    2. Select **Save**.

## Rebuilding your project

  1. In the Unity Editor, [rebuild your project](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing.udp@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/building-your-game.html).
  2. Upload your build to the UDP console.
  3. Release a new revision.
  4. In the Publish tab, select each store you want to publish. 
    1. Set the target step to **Submit to Store**.
    2. Select **Publish**.

For more information on these steps, see [Managing and publishing your game on
the UDP console](udp-managing-and-publishing.html).

[](udp-service-interoperability.html)

Using UDP with other services

[](udp-reference.html)

UDP reference

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

