[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/UIE-USS-SupportedProperties.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/UIE-USS-SupportedProperties.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/UIE-USS-SupportedProperties.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/UIE-USS-SupportedProperties.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/UIE-USS-SupportedProperties.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/UIE-USS-SupportedProperties.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/UIE-USS-SupportedProperties.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/UIE-USS-SupportedProperties.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [User interface (UI)](UIToolkits.html)
  * [UI Toolkit](UIElements.html)
  * [Style UI](UIE-USS.html)
  * [USS properties](UIE-uss-properties.html)
  * USS common properties

[](UIE-USS-PropertyTypes.html)

USS data types

[](UIE-LayoutEngine.html)

Position element with the layout engine

# USS common properties

This page introduces the common USS properties, their syntax and accepted
values, and differences from CSS. For a complete list of USS properties, see
[USS properties reference](UIE-USS-Properties-Reference.html).

## Box model

![Box model](../uploads/Main/style-box-model.png) Box model

### Dimensions

    
    
    width: <length> | auto
    height: <length> | auto
    min-width: <length> | auto
    min-height: <length> | auto
    max-width: <length> | none
    max-height: <length> | none
    

The `width` and `height` specify the size of the element. If `width` isn’t
specified, the width is based on the width of the element’s contents. If
`height` isn’t specified, the height is based on the height of the element’s
contents.

### Margins

    
    
    margin-left: <length> | auto;
    margin-top: <length> | auto
    margin-right: <length> | auto
    margin-bottom: <length> | auto
    /* Shorthand */
    margin: [<length> | auto]{1,4}
    

### Borders

    
    
    border-left-width: <length>
    border-top-width: <length>
    border-right-width: <length>
    border-bottom-width: <length>
    /* Shorthand */
    border-width: <length>{1,4}
    

### Padding

    
    
    padding-left: <length>
    padding-top: <length>
    padding-right: <length>
    padding-bottom: <length>
    /* Shorthand */
    padding: <length>{1,4}
    

### Differences from CSS

The alternative box model that USS uses is different from the [standard CSS
box model](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-
US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#What_is_the_CSS_box_model). In
the standard CSS box model, `width` and `height` define the size of the
content box. An element’s rendered size is the sum of its `padding`, `border-
width`, and `width` / `height` values.

Unity’s model is equivalent to setting the CSS `box-sizing` property to
`border-box`. See the [MDN documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-
US/docs/Web/CSS/box-sizing) for details.

## Flex layout

UI Toolkit includes a [layout engine](UIE-LayoutEngine.html) that positions
**visual elements** A node of a visual tree that instantiates or derives from
the C# [`VisualElement`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.VisualElement.html)
class. You can style the look, define the behaviour, and display it on screen
as part of the UI. [More info](UIE-VisualTree.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Visualelement) based on layout and styling
properties. The layout engine implements a subset of Flexbox, an HTML/CSS
layout system.

By default, all items are vertically placed in their container.

    
    
    /* Items */
    flex-grow: <number>
    flex-shrink: <number>
    flex-basis: <length> | auto
    flex: none | [ <'flex-grow'> <'flex-shrink'>? || <'flex-basis'> ]
    align-self: auto | flex-start | flex-end | center | stretch
    
    /* Containers */
    flex-direction: row | row-reverse | column | column-reverse
    flex-wrap: nowrap | wrap | wrap-reverse
    align-content: flex-start | flex-end | center | stretch
    
    /* The default value is `stretch`.
    `auto` sets `align-items` to `flex-end`. */
    align-items: auto | flex-start | flex-end | center | stretch
    
    justify-content: flex-start | flex-end | center | space-between | space-around
    

## Positioning

    
    
    /* The default value is `relative` which positions the element based on its parent.
    If sets to `absolute`, the element leaves its parent layout and values are specified based on the parent bounds.*/
    position: absolute | relative
    
    /* The distance from the parent edge or the original position of the element. */
    left: <length> | auto
    top: <length> | auto
    right: <length> | auto
    bottom: <length> | auto
    

## Background

    
    
    background-color: <color>
    background-image: <resource> | <url> | none
    -unity-background-scale-mode: stretch-to-fill | scale-and-crop | scale-to-fit
    -unity-background-image-tint-color: <color>
    

For more information about setting background images, refer to [Set background
images](UIB-styling-ui-backgrounds.html).

## Slicing

When assigning a background image, you draw it with respect to a simplified
9-slice specification:

    
    
    -unity-slice-left: <integer>
    -unity-slice-top: <integer>
    -unity-slice-right: <integer>
    -unity-slice-bottom: <integer>
    -unity-slice-scale: <length>
    

**Note** : For **sprites** A 2D graphic objects. If you are used to working in
3D, Sprites are essentially just standard textures but there are special
techniques for combining and managing sprite textures for efficiency and
convenience during development. [More info](sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Sprite), Unity adjusts the `-unity-slice-
scale` by the sprite’s `pixels-per-unit` value in relation to the panel’s
`reference sprite pixels per unit value`, which is by default `100`. For
example, if the sprite’s `pixels-per-unit` is `16`, the scale is adjusted by
`16/100 = 0.16`. Therefore, if you set the scale to `2px`, the final scale is
`2px * 0.16px = 0.32px`. For texture and vector images, Unity doesn’t make
additional adjustments to the slice scale value you set.

For more information about 9-slice, refer to [9-Slice images with UI
Toolkit](UIB-styling-ui-backgrounds.html#9-slice-images-with-ui-toolkit).

## Border color

    
    
    border-color: <color>
    

## Border radius

    
    
    border-top-left-radius: <length>
    border-top-right-radius: <length>
    border-bottom-left-radius: <length>
    border-bottom-right-radius: <length>
    /* Shorthand */
    border-radius: <length>{1,4}
    

### Differences from CSS

Border radius properties work almost the same in USS and CSS. For detailed
information about `border-radius`, see the [MDN
documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-
radius).

However, there are two main differences:

  * Unity doesn’t support the second-radius shorthand (`border-radius: (first radius values) / (second radius values);`) used to create elliptical corners.
  * Unity reduces border radius values to half of the element’s size in **pixels** The smallest unit in a computer image. Pixel size depends on your screen resolution. Pixel lighting is calculated at every screen pixel. [More info](ShadowPerformance.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#pixel). For example, for a 100px x 100px
element, any `border-radius` value greater than 50px is reduced to 50px. If
you use percentage (`%`) values for border-radius properties, Unity first
resolves the percentage to pixels and then reduces the `border-radius` value
to half of the resolved pixel value. If you have different radius values for
two or more corners, Unity reduces any values greater than half of the
element’s size to half of the element’s size.

## Appearance

    
    
    overflow: hidden | visible
    -unity-overflow-clip-box: padding-box | content-box
    -unity-paragraph-spacing: <length>
    visibility: visible | hidden
    display: flex | none
    

The `-unity-overflow-clip-box` defines the clipping rectangle for the element
content. The default is `padding-box`, the rectangle outside the padding area
(the green rectangle in the box model image above); `content-box` represents
the value inside the padding area (the blue rectangle in the box model image
above).

The `display` default value is `flex`. Set `display` to `none` to remove the
element from the **UI**(User Interface) Allows a user to interact with your
application. Unity currently supports three UI systems. [More info](UI-system-
compare.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UI). Set the `visibility` to `hidden` to hide
the element, but the element still occupies space in the layout.

The `overflow` property controls the clipping of an element’s content. The
default value is `visible`, which means the element’s content isn’t clipped to
the element’s bounds. If you set `overflow` to `hidden`, the element’s content
is clipped to the element’s bounds. You can use `overflow` to [make a masking
effect](UIE-masking.html).

### Differences from CSS

The USS `display` property supports only a small subset of the CSS `display`
property’s available keyword values. The USS version supports keywords that
work with the Yoga layout engine.

  * For more information about Yoga, see [Flexible Layouts with Yoga](https://yogalayout.com/).
  * For more information about the CSS `display` property, see the [MDN documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display).

## Text properties

Text properties set the color, font, font size, and Unity-specific properties
for font resource, font style, alignment, word wrap, and clipping.

    
    
    color: <color>
    -unity-font: <resource> | <url>
    -unity-font-definition: <resource> | <url>
    font-size: <number>
    -unity-font-style: normal | italic | bold | bold-and-italic
    -unity-text-align: upper-left | middle-left | lower-left | upper-center | middle-center | lower-center | upper-right | middle-right | lower-right
    -unity-text-overflow-position: start | middle | end
    white-space: normal | nowrap
    
    -unity-text-outline-width: <length>
    -unity-text-outline-color: <color>
    /* Shorthand */
    -unity-text-outline: <length> | <color>
    
    -unity-text-generator: standard | advanced
    
    /* The text overflow mode. */
    /* clip: Trims any text that extends beyond the boudaries of its container. */
    /* ellipsis: Truncates any text that extends beyong the boudaries of its container with an ellipsis. */
    text-overflow: clip | ellipsis
    
    text-shadow: <x-offset> <y-offset> <blur-radius> <color>;
    
    letter-spacing: <length>
    word-spacing: <length>
    -unity-paragraph-spacing: <length>
    

**Note** : When you set up the font in UI Builder, the **Font** control in the
****Inspector** A Unity window that displays information about the currently
selected GameObject, asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and
edit the values. [More info](UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Inspector)** sets `-unity-font`, and the
**Font Asset** control sets `-unity-font-definition`. Because `-unity-font-
definition` takes precedence over `-unity-font`, to use a font from the
**Font** list, select **None** from **Font Asset**. Otherwise, the font you
selected doesn’t take effect.

For more information about text shadow and text outline, refer to [Text
effects](UIE-text-effects.html).

## Cursor

The `cursor` property specifies the mouse cursor to be displayed when the
mouse pointer is over an element.

    
    
    cursor: [ [ <resource> | <url> ] [ <integer> <integer>]? , ] [ arrow | text | resize-vertical | resize-horizontal | link | slide-arrow | resize-up-right | resize-up-left | move-arrow | rotate-arrow | scale-arrow | arrow-plus | arrow-minus | pan | orbit | zoom | fps | split-resize-up-down | split-resize-left-right ]
    

**Note** : Cursor keywords are only available in the Editor UI. Cursor
keywords don’t work in runtime UI. In runtime UI, you must use a texture for
custom cursors.

### Differences from CSS

In CSS, you can specify multiple optional custom cursors and a mandatory
keyword in a single `cursor` style declaration. When you specify multiple
cursors, they form a fallback chain. If the browser can’t load the first
custom cursor, it tries each of the others in sequence until one of them loads
or there are no more custom cursors to try. If the browser can’t load any
custom cursors, it uses the keyword.

In USS, custom cursors and keywords are mutually exclusive. A `cursor` style
declaration can only have one custom cursor or one keyword.

For detailed information about the CSS `cursor` property, see the [MDN
documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/cursor).

## Opacity

    
    
    opacity: <number>
    

### Differences from CSS

USS opacity is similar to [CSS opacity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-
US/docs/Web/CSS/opacity). The opacity of parent elements affects the
**perceived opacity** of child elements. The perceivability is different
between USS opacity and CSS opacity.

In the following USS example, the blue square is a child of the red square.
The red square has an `opacity` of `0.5`.

    
    
    .red {
        background-color: red;
        opacity: 0.5;
    }
    
    .blue {
        background-color: blue;
        left: 20px;
        top: 20px;
    }
    

Although the blue square doesn’t have an opacity value, it has a perceived
opacity of `0.5` from the red square. You can see the red square through the
blue square.

![USS opacity example](../uploads/Main/opacity-ui-builder.png) USS opacity
example

In CSS, if you apply the same styles, both the red and blue squares are 50%
transparent. However, you can’t see the red square through the blue square,
unless you also set the `opacity` of blue to be less than `1`.

![CSS opacity example](../uploads/Main/opacity-css.png) CSS opacity example

## Additional resources

  * [USS transform](UIE-Transform.html)
  * [USS transition](UIE-Transitions.html)
  * [USS properties reference](UIE-USS-Properties-Reference.html)

[](UIE-USS-PropertyTypes.html)

USS data types

[](UIE-LayoutEngine.html)

Position element with the layout engine

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

