[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/UIE-create-drag-and-drop-ui.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/UIE-create-drag-and-drop-ui.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/UIE-create-drag-and-drop-ui.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/UIE-create-drag-and-drop-ui.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/UIE-create-drag-and-drop-ui.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/UIE-create-drag-and-drop-ui.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/UIE-create-drag-and-drop-ui.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/UIE-create-drag-and-drop-ui.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [User interface (UI)](UIToolkits.html)
  * [UI Toolkit](UIElements.html)
  * [Control behavior with events](UIE-Events.html)
  * [Event examples](UIE-event-examples.html)
  * Create a drag-and-drop UI inside a custom Editor window

[](UIE-transition-example.html)

Create a simple transition with UI Builder and C# scripts

[](UIE-drag-across-windows.html)

Create a drag-and-drop UI to drag between Editor windows

# Create a drag-and-drop UI inside a custom Editor window

**Version** : 2021.3+

Drag-and-drop is a common feature in **UI**(User Interface) Allows a user to
interact with your application. Unity currently supports three UI systems.
[More info](UI-system-compare.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UI) design. You can use UI Toolkit to create a
drag-and-drop UI inside a custom Editor window or inside an application built
by Unity. This example demonstrates how to create a drag-and-drop UI inside a
custom Editor window.

## Example overview

The example adds several slots and one object in a custom Editor window. You
can drag the object into any slot, as shown below:

![A preview of a drag-and-drop UI](../uploads/Main/UIBuilder/drag-drop.gif) A
preview of a drag-and-drop UI

You can find the completed files that this example creates in this [GitHub
repository](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ui-toolkit-manual-code-
examples/tree/master/create-a-drag-and-drop-window-inside-a-custom-editor-
window).

## Prerequisites

This guide is for developers familiar with the Unity Editor, UI Toolkit, and
C# scripting. Before you start, get familiar with the following:

  * [UI Builder](UIBuilder.html)
  * [Visual Tree](UIE-VisualTree.html)An object graph, made of lightweight nodes, that holds all the elements in a window or panel. It defines every UI you build with the UI Toolkit.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Visualtree)

  * [UXML](UIE-UXML.html)
  * [USS](UIE-USS.html)
  * [Pointer events](UIE-Pointer-Events.html)

## Create a custom Editor window

To start, create a default custom Editor window from the menu. Change the menu
name and window title to `Drag And Drop`, and remove the code for the default
labels, to make the UI more user-friendly.

  1. Create a project in Unity with any template.

  2. Right-click in the `Assets` folder and select **Create** > **UI Toolkit** > **Editor Window**.

  3. In **UI Toolkit Editor Window Creator** , enter `DragAndDropWindow`.

  4. Click **Confirm**. This automatically creates three files: `DragAndDropWindow.cs`, `DragAndDropWindow.uxml`, and `DragAndDropWindow.uss`.

  5. Replace the content of `DragAndDropWindow.cs` with the following:
    
        using UnityEditor;
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.UIElements;
    using UnityEditor.UIElements;
    
    public class DragAndDropWindow : EditorWindow
    {
        [MenuItem("Window/UI Toolkit/Drag And Drop")]
        public static void ShowExample()
        {
            DragAndDropWindow wnd = GetWindow<DragAndDropWindow>();
            wnd.titleContent = new GUIContent("Drag And Drop");
        }
    
        public void CreateGUI()
        {
            // Each editor window contains a root VisualElement object
            VisualElement root = rootVisualElement;
    
            // Import UXML
            var visualTree = AssetDatabase.LoadAssetAtPath<VisualTreeAsset>("Assets/Editor/DragAndDropWindow.uxml");
            VisualElement labelFromUXML = visualTree.Instantiate();
            root.Add(labelFromUXML);
    
            // A stylesheet can be added to a VisualElement.
            // The style will be applied to the VisualElement and all of its children.
            var styleSheet = AssetDatabase.LoadAssetAtPath<StyleSheet>("Assets/Editor/DragAndDropWindow.uss");
        }
    }
    

## Create slots and objects

Next, add UI controls to your custom window:

  * One named `slots` with two children named `slot_row1` and `slot_row2`. Each row should have two children named `slot1` and `slot2`.
  * One named `object` at the same level as `slots`. `object` must come after `slots` in the **Hierarchy**.

Style the UI controls as the following:

  * For `slot1` and `slot2`, style them as 80px X 80px squares with white background color and rounded corners. Line up the slots as two rows with two slots in each row.
  * For `object`, style it as a 50px X 50px round spot with a black background color.

**Tip** : To make your project more fun, you can use a background image for
the object. You can find the image (Pouch.png) in the [GitHub
repository](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ui-toolkit-manual-code-
examples/blob/master/create-a-drag-and-drop-window-inside-a-custom-editor-
window/Pouch.png).

  1. Replace the content of `DragAndDropWindow.uxml` with the following:
    
        <ui:UXML xmlns:ui="UnityEngine.UIElements" xmlns:uie="UnityEditor.UIElements" xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" engine="UnityEngine.UIElements" editor="UnityEditor.UIElements" noNamespaceSchemaLocation="../../../UIElementsSchema/UIElements.xsd" editor-extension-mode="False">
        <Style src="DragAndDropWindow.uss" />
        <ui:VisualElement name="slots">
            <ui:VisualElement name="slot_row1" class="slot_row">
                <ui:VisualElement name="slot1" class="slot" />
                <ui:VisualElement name="slot2" class="slot" />
            </ui:VisualElement>
            <ui:VisualElement name="slot_row2" class="slot_row">
                <ui:VisualElement name="slot1" class="slot" />
                <ui:VisualElement name="slot2" class="slot" />
            </ui:VisualElement>
        </ui:VisualElement>
        <ui:VisualElement name="object" class="object" />
    </ui:UXML>
    

  2. Replace the content of `DragAndDropWindow.uss` with the following:
    
        .slot {
    width: 80px;
    height: 80px;
    margin: 5px;
    background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);
    border-top-radius: 10px;
    border-top-left-radius: 10px;
    border-bottom-left-radius: 10px;
    border-top-right-radius: 10px;
    border-bottom-right-radius: 10px;
    }
    
    .slot_row {
        flex-direction: row;
    }
    
    .object {
        width: 50px;
        height: 50px;
        position: absolute;
        left: 20px;
        top: 20px;
        border-radius: 30px;
        background-color: rgb(0, 0, 0);
    }
    

## Define the drag-and-drop logic

To define the drag-and-drop behavior, extend the
[`PointerManipulator`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.PointerManipulator.html)
class and define the logic. Write a constructor to set
[`target`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.Manipulator-target.html) and store a
reference to the root of the visual tree. Write four methods that act as
callbacks for
[`PointerDownEvent`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.PointerDownEvent.html)s,
[`PointerMoveEvent`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.PointerMoveEvent.html)s,
[`PointerUpEvent`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.PointerUpEvent.html)s, and
[`PointerCaptureOutEvent`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.PointerCaptureOutEvent.html)s.
Implement
[`RegisterCallbacksOnTarget()`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.Manipulator.RegisterCallbacksOnTarget.html)
and
[`UnregisterCallbacksOnTarget()`](../ScriptReference/UIElements.Manipulator.UnregisterCallbacksFromTarget.html)
to register and un-register these four callbacks from `target`.

  1. In the `Editor` folder, create another C# file named `DragAndDropManipulator.cs`.

  2. Replace the content of `DragAndDropManipulator.cs` with the following:
    
        using System.Collections;
    using System.Collections.Generic;
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.UIElements;
    
    public class DragAndDropManipulator : PointerManipulator
    {
        // Write a constructor to set target and store a reference to the
        // root of the visual tree.
        public DragAndDropManipulator(VisualElement target)
        {
            this.target = target;
            root = target.parent;
        }
    
        protected override void RegisterCallbacksOnTarget()
        {
            // Register the four callbacks on target.
            target.RegisterCallback<PointerDownEvent>(PointerDownHandler);
            target.RegisterCallback<PointerMoveEvent>(PointerMoveHandler);
            target.RegisterCallback<PointerUpEvent>(PointerUpHandler);
            target.RegisterCallback<PointerCaptureOutEvent>(PointerCaptureOutHandler);
        }
    
        protected override void UnregisterCallbacksFromTarget()
        {
            // Un-register the four callbacks from target.
            target.UnregisterCallback<PointerDownEvent>(PointerDownHandler);
            target.UnregisterCallback<PointerMoveEvent>(PointerMoveHandler);
            target.UnregisterCallback<PointerUpEvent>(PointerUpHandler);
            target.UnregisterCallback<PointerCaptureOutEvent>(PointerCaptureOutHandler);
        }
    
        private Vector2 targetStartPosition { get; set; }
    
        private Vector3 pointerStartPosition { get; set; }
    
        private bool enabled { get; set; }
    
        private VisualElement root { get; }
    
        // This method stores the starting position of target and the pointer,
        // makes target capture the pointer, and denotes that a drag is now in progress.
        private void PointerDownHandler(PointerDownEvent evt)
        {
            targetStartPosition = target.transform.position;
            pointerStartPosition = evt.position;
            target.CapturePointer(evt.pointerId);
            enabled = true;
        }
    
        // This method checks whether a drag is in progress and whether target has captured the pointer.
        // If both are true, calculates a new position for target within the bounds of the window.
        private void PointerMoveHandler(PointerMoveEvent evt)
        {
            if (enabled && target.HasPointerCapture(evt.pointerId))
            {
                Vector3 pointerDelta = evt.position - pointerStartPosition;
    
                target.transform.position = new Vector2(
                    Mathf.Clamp(targetStartPosition.x + pointerDelta.x, 0, target.panel.visualTree.worldBound.width),
                    Mathf.Clamp(targetStartPosition.y + pointerDelta.y, 0, target.panel.visualTree.worldBound.height));
            }
        }
    
        // This method checks whether a drag is in progress and whether target has captured the pointer.
        // If both are true, makes target release the pointer.
        private void PointerUpHandler(PointerUpEvent evt)
        {
            if (enabled && target.HasPointerCapture(evt.pointerId))
            {
                target.ReleasePointer(evt.pointerId);
            }
        }
    
        // This method checks whether a drag is in progress. If true, queries the root
        // of the visual tree to find all slots, decides which slot is the closest one
        // that overlaps target, and sets the position of target so that it rests on top
        // of that slot. Sets the position of target back to its original position
        // if there is no overlapping slot.
        private void PointerCaptureOutHandler(PointerCaptureOutEvent evt)
        {
            if (enabled)
            {
                VisualElement slotsContainer = root.Q<VisualElement>("slots");
                UQueryBuilder<VisualElement> allSlots =
                    slotsContainer.Query<VisualElement>(className: "slot");
                UQueryBuilder<VisualElement> overlappingSlots =
                    allSlots.Where(OverlapsTarget);
                VisualElement closestOverlappingSlot =
                    FindClosestSlot(overlappingSlots);
                Vector3 closestPos = Vector3.zero;
                if (closestOverlappingSlot != null)
                {
                    closestPos = RootSpaceOfSlot(closestOverlappingSlot);
                    closestPos = new Vector2(closestPos.x - 5, closestPos.y - 5);
                }
                target.transform.position =
                    closestOverlappingSlot != null ?
                    closestPos :
                    targetStartPosition;
    
                enabled = false;
            }
        }
    
        private bool OverlapsTarget(VisualElement slot)
        {
            return target.worldBound.Overlaps(slot.worldBound);
        }
    
        private VisualElement FindClosestSlot(UQueryBuilder<VisualElement> slots)
        {
            List<VisualElement> slotsList = slots.ToList();
            float bestDistanceSq = float.MaxValue;
            VisualElement closest = null;
            foreach (VisualElement slot in slotsList)
            {
                Vector3 displacement =
                    RootSpaceOfSlot(slot) - target.transform.position;
                float distanceSq = displacement.sqrMagnitude;
                if (distanceSq < bestDistanceSq)
                {
                    bestDistanceSq = distanceSq;
                    closest = slot;
                }
            }
            return closest;
        }
    
        private Vector3 RootSpaceOfSlot(VisualElement slot)
        {
            Vector2 slotWorldSpace = slot.parent.LocalToWorld(slot.layout.position);
            return root.WorldToLocal(slotWorldSpace);
        }
    }
    

## Instantiate the drag-and-drop behavior

To enable drag-and-drop in the custom window, instantiate it when the window
opens.

  1. In `DragAndDropWindow.cs`, add the following to the `CreateGUI()` method to instantiate the `DragAndDropManipulator` class:
    
        DragAndDropManipulator manipulator =
        new(rootVisualElement.Q<VisualElement>("object"));
    

  2. From the menu bar, select **Window** > **UI Toolkit** > **Drag And Drop**. In the opened custom Editor window, you can drag the object into any slot.

## Additional resources

  * [Create a drag-and-drop UI to drag between Editor windows](UIE-drag-across-windows.html)
  * [Manipulators ](UIE-manipulators.html)

[](UIE-transition-example.html)

Create a simple transition with UI Builder and C# scripts

[](UIE-drag-across-windows.html)

Create a drag-and-drop UI to drag between Editor windows

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

