[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/UnityHotkeys.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/UnityHotkeys.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/UnityHotkeys.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/UnityHotkeys.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/UnityHotkeys.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/UnityHotkeys.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/UnityHotkeys.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/UnityHotkeys.html)

  * [The Unity Editor](unity-editor.html)
  * [Unity's interface](UsingTheEditor.html)
  * Unity shortcuts

[](CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)

Customizing your workspace

[](Saving.html)

Save your work

# Unity shortcuts

The [Shortcuts Manager](ShortcutsManager.html) is the main tool for managing
Keyboard shortcuts in Unity. You can also configure shortcuts for the Mac
trackpad.

## The Shortcuts Manager

The Shortcuts manager lets you view and manage keyboard shortcuts.

A shortcut is any key, or combination of keys, that is bound to a Unity
command. A command is an action that is executed in the Editor. For example,
the **R** key is bound to the command that activates the **Scale** tool in the
**Scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of
each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your
environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing and building
your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) view.

You access the Shortcuts Manager from Unity’s main menu:

  * On Windows and Linux, select **Edit > Shortcuts**.
  * On macOS, select **Unity > Shortcuts**.

For more information about viewing and modifying shortcuts, see [The Shortcuts
Manager](ShortcutsManager.html).

![The Shortcuts Manager](../uploads/Main/ShortcutManagerNoLabel.png) The
Shortcuts Manager

## Mac trackpad shortcuts

The Mac trackpad also has a number of shortcuts for navigating the **Scene
view** An interactive view into the world you are creating. You use the Scene
View to select and position scenery, characters, cameras, lights, and all
other types of Game Object. [More info](UsingTheSceneView.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#SceneView). See [Scene view
navigation](SceneViewNavigation.html) to learn more about these.

* * *

  * Shortcut tables replaced with link to Shortcut Manager page in 2019.1

[](CustomizingYourWorkspace.html)

Customizing your workspace

[](Saving.html)

Save your work

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

