[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/upm-ui-install2.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/upm-ui-install2.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/upm-ui-install2.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/upm-ui-install2.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/upm-ui-install2.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/upm-ui-install2.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/upm-ui-install2.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/upm-ui-install2.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * [Unity's Package Manager](Packages.html)
  * [Package Manager window](upm-ui.html)
  * [Add and remove UPM packages or feature sets](upm-ui-actions.html)
  * Install a UPM package from the Asset Store

[](upm-ui-install.html)

Install a UPM package from a registry

[](upm-ui-local.html)

Install a UPM package from a local folder

# Install a UPM package from the Asset Store

Use this procedure to install **UPM packages** A **Package** managed by the
**Unity Package Manager**. Refer to **Packages**.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UPMpackage) that come from the **Asset Store**
A growing library of free and commercial assets created by Unity and members
of the community. Offers a wide variety of assets, from textures, models and
animations to whole project examples, tutorials and Editor extensions. [More
info](AssetStore.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AssetStore).

For information about installing UPM packages from a registry, refer to
[Install a UPM package from a registry](upm-ui-install.html).

For information about adding **asset packages** A collection of files and data
from Unity projects, or elements of projects, which are compressed and stored
in one file, similar to Zip files, with the `.unitypackage` extension. Asset
packages are a handy way of sharing and re-using Unity projects and
collections of assets. [More info](AssetPackages.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Assetpackage) (`.unitypackage` format) that
come from the Asset Store, refer to [Download and import an asset
package](upm-ui-import.html).

For information about the differences between UPM packages and asset packages,
refer to [package types](upm-package-types.html).

## Prerequisites

Before you begin:

  * Make sure you’ve acquired the package from the Asset Store. Refer to [Purchase or download a package from the Asset Store](AssetPackagesPurchase.html).
  * Make sure the package appears in the [List panel](upm-ui-list.html) of the Package Manager window when you select the **My Assets** context.

## Procedure

  1. Open the **Package Manager** window and select **My Assets** from the [context menu](upm-ui-filter.html). 

![Select My Assets](../uploads/Main/upm-ui-myassets.png) Select **My Assets**

  2. Select the package you want to install from the [list of packages](upm-ui-list.html). The package information appears in the [details panel](upm-ui-details.html).

  3. Optional: If multiple versions are available, select the version to install. For more information on available versions, refer to [Finding a specific version](upm-ui-find.html#VersionList).

  4. Select **Install**.

When the progress bar finishes, the new package is ready to use.

**Note** : You can install multiple packages with one click by using the
multiple select feature. For more information, refer to [Perform an action on
multiple packages or feature sets](upm-ui-multi.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Package types](upm-package-types.html)
  * [Install a UPM package from a registry](upm-ui-install.html)
  * [Download and import an asset package](upm-ui-import.html)

[](upm-ui-install.html)

Install a UPM package from a registry

[](upm-ui-local.html)

Install a UPM package from a local folder

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

