[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * [Unity's Package Manager](Packages.html)
  * [Package Manager window](upm-ui.html)
  * Add and remove UPM packages or feature sets

[](upm-ui-search.html)

Search box

[](fs-install.html)

Install a feature set from the Unity registry

# Add and remove UPM packages or feature sets

You can perform a variety of package management tasks by using the Package
Manager window.

Follow these tasks to manage **UPM packages** A **Package** managed by the
**Unity Package Manager**. Refer to **Packages**.  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#UPMpackage) or **feature sets** A feature set
is a collection of related packages that you can use to achieve specific
results in the Unity Editor. You can manage feature sets directly in Unity’s
Package Manager. [More info](FeatureSets.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Featureset). For information about managing
**asset packages** A collection of files and data from Unity projects, or
elements of projects, which are compressed and stored in one file, similar to
Zip files, with the `.unitypackage` extension. Asset packages are a handy way
of sharing and re-using Unity projects and collections of assets. [More
info](AssetPackages.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Assetpackage), refer to [Add and remove asset
packages](upm-ui-actions-ap.html).

  * [Install a feature set from the Unity registry](fs-install.html)
  * [Install a UPM package from a registry](upm-ui-install.html)
  * [Install a UPM package from Asset Store](upm-ui-install2.html)
  * [Install a UPM package from a local folder](upm-ui-local.html)
  * [Install a UPM package from a local tarball file](upm-ui-tarball.html)
  * [Install a UPM package from a Git URL](upm-ui-giturl.html)
  * [Install a UPM package from a registry by name](upm-ui-quick.html)
  * [Remove a UPM package from a project](upm-ui-remove.html)
  * [Switch to another version of a UPM package](upm-ui-update.html)

The procedures described in these sections obscure a lot of the details of
what the Package Manager is actually doing behind the scenes. The Package
Manager window provides a visual interface to install and uninstall packages.
The Package Manager installs and uninstalls packages by adding and removing
packages as project dependencies in your [project’s manifest](upm-
manifestPrj.html). When it adds a package, it selects the correct version to
install. The version that Package Manager selects doesn’t always match the
version you indicated. For more information, refer to [Dependency and
resolution](upm-dependencies.html).

## Additional resources

  * [Package types](upm-package-types.html)
  * [Add and remove asset packages](upm-ui-actions-ap.html)
  * [Disable a built-in package](upm-ui-disable.html)
  * [Perform an action on multiple packages or feature sets](upm-ui-multi.html)

[](upm-ui-search.html)

Search box

[](fs-install.html)

Install a feature set from the Unity registry

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

