[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/upm-docs.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/upm-docs.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/upm-docs.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/upm-docs.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/upm-docs.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/upm-docs.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/upm-docs.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/upm-docs.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * [Unity's Package Manager](Packages.html)
  * [Package Manager window](upm-ui.html)
  * Finding package documentation

[](upm-ui-multi.html)

Perform an action on multiple packages

[](upm-inspect.html)

Inspecting packages

# Finding package documentation

The Unity Manual provides documentation for a specific version of Unity. For
package documentation, each package has its own version, so each package
provides documentation for a specific version of that package. For this
reason, the package documentation isn’t part of the main Unity Manual
documentation. Instead, documentation for each package lives on its own
website on Unity’s documentation server.

To access the documentation for a specific package, you have two options:

  * Get documentation for the latest version (from the Unity Manual).
  * Get documentation for a specific package version (from the Package Manager window).

When the package page opens, the top of the page has four links **(A)** and a
drop-down menu **(B)** where you can select a different version:

![Unitys package documentation](../uploads/Main/upm-docs.png) Unity’s package
documentation

Use the links at the top of the page to view the documentation for the
package’s core usage (**Manual**), the package’s **Scripting API**
documentation, the **Changelog** for the package, and the **License**
information for the package.

## Getting documentation for the latest version

Each version of the Unity Manual documentation provides a list of
[released](pack-safe.html) and [pre-release](pack-preview.html) packages, a
list of [built-in packages](pack-build.html) _Built-in_ packages allow users
to toggle Unity features on or off through the Package Manager. Enabling or
disabling a package reduces the run-time build size. For example, most
projects don’t use the legacy Particle System. By removing the abstracted
package of this feature, the related code and resources are not part of the
final built product. Typically, these packages contain only the package
manifest and are bundled with Unity (rather than available on the package
registry).  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Built-inpackage), and a [list of packages by
keyword](pack-keys.html). Each list has links to the matching package
documentation which you can use with that version of Unity. **Note** : Only
packages that are compatible with the version of Unity matching the
documentation appear in these lists.

![List of Unity packages available in the manual](../uploads/Main/upm-docs-
list.png) List of Unity packages available in the manual

You can expand the entries in the sidebar navigation **(A)** to access
specific information about each package. Information includes the list of
compatible versions, a brief description of the package, and any associated
keywords. Or you can click the link on the list pages **(B)** to directly open
the most compatible version of that package documentation that matches the
documentation version.

If you can’t find the package you want in this list, there might be several
reasons:

  * It isn’t compatible with this version of Unity.
  * It’s an experimental or private package. Some packages aren’t available to everyone because someone outside of Unity is developing them or because they’re under a special license.

You might be able to access the documentation through the Package Manager
window for packages released in another version of Unity. For private
packages, try to contact the developer directly to request access.

## Getting documentation for a specific package version

You can find out more about a package that comes from a registry (not Asset
Store) by viewing its documentation, changelog, or license information.

To access any of these pages, you can click the **Documentation** ,
**Changelog** , or **Licenses** links from inside the Package Manager window.

To access the documentation for a specific package version:

  1. Open the [Package Manager window](upm-ui-access.html) in Unity.

  2. Follow the guidelines in [Finding packages](upm-ui-find.html) to locate the specific package and version number you want.

  3. Click the **Documentation** link to open the documentation for the selected version of the package. 

**Note** : If the package is installed, you can right-click the
**Documentation** , **Changelog** , or **Licenses** links and select **Open
Locally**. The Package Manager opens your file browser at the appropriate
folder.

You can follow this procedure for any version of a package that comes from a
registry (not Asset Store). Note that the documentation isn’t necessarily
different for each package version release, because some version updates
(patches) involve only bug fixes or trivial changes.

[](upm-ui-multi.html)

Perform an action on multiple packages

[](upm-inspect.html)

Inspecting packages

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

