[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [Universal Windows Platform](WindowsStore.html)
  * [Develop for Universal Windows Platform](uwp-developing.html)
  * IL2CPP scripting backend for UWP

[](uwp-defines.html)

UWP scripting symbols

[](uwp-il2cpp-plugins.html)

Use UWP plug-ins with IL2CPP

# IL2CPP scripting backend for UWP

IL2CPP is the only [scripting backend](scripting-backends.html)A framework
that powers scripting in Unity. Unity supports three different scripting
backends depending on target platform: Mono, .NET and IL2CPP. Universal
Windows Platform, however, supports only two: .NET and IL2CPP. [More
info](scripting-backends.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#ScriptingBackend) Unity supports to build
Universal Windows Platform (UWP) applications. When you build a project using
**IL2CPP** A Unity-developed scripting back-end which you can use as an
alternative to Mono when building projects for some platforms. [More
info](./scripting-backends-il2cpp.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#IL2CPP), Unity converts the Microsoft
Intermediate Language code from your **scripts** A piece of code that allows
you to create your own Components, trigger game events, modify Component
properties over time and respond to user input in any way you like. [More
info](creating-scripts.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scripts) into C++ before creating a native
binary file. For more information on IL2CPP, refer to [IL2CPP
overview](./scripting-backends-il2cpp.html).

**Topic** | **Description**  
---|---  
[Use UWP plug-ins with IL2CPP](uwp-il2cpp-plugins.html) | Understand how to use managed and native **plug-ins** A set of code created outside of Unity that creates functionality in Unity. There are two kinds of plug-ins you can use in Unity: Managed plug-ins (managed .NET assemblies created with tools like Visual Studio) and Native plug-ins (platform-specific native code libraries). [More info](./plug-ins.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Plug-in) for UWP.  
[Debug UWP applications with IL2CPP](uwp-il2cpp-debugging.html) | Debug your code with IL2CPP.  
  
## Additional resources

  * [IL2CPP overview](./scripting-backends-il2cpp.html)
  * [Developing for Universal Windows Platform](uwp-developing.html)

[](uwp-defines.html)

UWP scripting symbols

[](uwp-il2cpp-plugins.html)

Use UWP plug-ins with IL2CPP

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

