[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/uwp-managed-plugins.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/uwp-managed-plugins.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/uwp-managed-plugins.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/uwp-managed-plugins.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/uwp-managed-plugins.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/uwp-managed-plugins.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/uwp-managed-plugins.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/uwp-managed-plugins.html)

  * [Platform development ](PlatformSpecific.html)
  * [Universal Windows Platform](WindowsStore.html)
  * [Develop for Universal Windows Platform](uwp-developing.html)
  * [IL2CPP scripting backend for UWP](uwp-il2cpp-scripting.html)
  * [Use UWP plug-ins with IL2CPP](uwp-il2cpp-plugins.html)
  * Use managed UWP plug-ins

[](uwp-il2cpp-plugins.html)

Use UWP plug-ins with IL2CPP

[](uwp-native-plugins-call.html)

Call and implement native UWP plug-ins

# Use managed UWP plug-ins

Managed **plug-ins** A set of code created outside of Unity that creates
functionality in Unity. There are two kinds of plug-ins you can use in Unity:
Managed plug-ins (managed .NET assemblies created with tools like Visual
Studio) and Native plug-ins (platform-specific native code libraries). [More
info](./plug-ins.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Plug-in) are managed .NET assemblies that are
managed outside of Unity and compiled into dynamically-linked libraries
(DLLs). For information about how to create and use managed plug-ins, refer to
[Managed plug-ins](plug-ins-managed.html)A managed .NET assembly that is
created with tools like Visual Studio for use in Unity. [More info](./plug-
ins.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Managedplug-in).

The **IL2CPP** A Unity-developed scripting back-end which you can use as an
alternative to Mono when building projects for some platforms. [More
info](./scripting-backends-il2cpp.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#IL2CPP) **scripting backend** A framework that
powers scripting in Unity. Unity supports three different scripting backends
depending on target platform: Mono, .NET and IL2CPP. Universal Windows
Platform, however, supports only two: .NET and IL2CPP. [More info](scripting-
backends.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#ScriptingBackend) exposes the same .NET API
surface as the Unity Editor and standalone Player. As a result, you can use
the same plug-ins and you don’t have to compile separate versions to target
different .NET APIs for Universal Windows Platform (UWP).

## Additional resources

  * [Managed plug-ins](plug-ins-managed.html)
  * [Import and configure plug-ins](plug-in-inspector.html)
  * [Microsoft documentation on Managed code](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/managed-code)

[](uwp-il2cpp-plugins.html)

Use UWP plug-ins with IL2CPP

[](uwp-native-plugins-call.html)

Call and implement native UWP plug-ins

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

