[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/verified-solutions-dt.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/verified-solutions-dt.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/verified-solutions-dt.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/verified-solutions-dt.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/verified-solutions-dt.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/verified-solutions-dt.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/verified-solutions-dt.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/verified-solutions-dt.html)

  * [Working in Unity](working-in-unity.html)
  * [Assets and media](assets-and-media.html)
  * [Unity's Asset Store](AssetStore.html)
  * [Verified Solutions](verifiedsolutions.html)
  * Decentralized technology Verified Solutions

[](verifiedsolutions.html)

Verified Solutions

[](UnityAccelerator.html)

Unity Accelerator

# Decentralized technology Verified Solutions

Due to the intricate nature of blockchain technologies that are often present
in decentralized technologies, the Verified Solution vetting process for
decentralized technology products includes all program criteria, as well as
the following additional checks that are specific to these types of solutions:

  * Environmental impact
  * Legitimacy
  * User experience
  * Technical

## Environmental impact

As a solution provider, you must show evidence of continuous efforts to reduce
the environmental effects that your solution causes. Some of the ways that you
can demonstrate this are to:

  * Publish periodical environmental, social, governance (ESG) or sustainability reports
  * Report, at a minimum, Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions, and report Scope 3 (if this scope accounts for more than 60% of total emissions) every year, following guidance from the [GHG Protocol](https://ghgprotocol.org/)
  * Not have been involved in any breaches related to Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance (ESG) that resulted in fines, penalties, disputes, or lawsuits
  * Have sustainability-related policies in place
  * Have measurable environmental targets, such as emissions reduction targets, a validated SBTi target, and a net zero target.
  * Communicate sustainability without greenwashing:
  * Clearly define and communicate commitments and targets, including terminologies, such as net zero, carbon neutral, carbon negative, and climate positive, each backed by science
  * Clearly define and communicate emissions reduction strategies, such as RECs, carbon offsets, carbon removals, and frontier technologies.

## Legitimacy

Although the decentralization space in gaming is new and evolving, there are
regulations you must follow for your solution to be compliant. To be proactive
in staying compliant, you can do the following:

  * Demonstrate that all open-source or third-party code, modules, libraries, or pieces of software are properly licensed
  * Disclose policies around personally identifiable data collection, storage, and retention to showcase compliance with GDPR, CCPA, DCIA, PIPL, or similar personal data privacy laws if any personally identifiable data is gathered and stored

**Note** : Solutions in the gambling space are not yet eligible to be reviewed
to become Verified Solutions.

## User experience

Because many users are new working with decentralized solutions, we check to
ensure that Verified Solutions for decentralization have clear uses and are as
user friendly as possible. To demonstrate user friendliness, do the following:

  * Provide educational content to users in respect of the importance of security and privacy practices, both in general, and in the decentralized technology space
  * Inform users up-front of any direct or indirect (financial or otherwise) risks, that come with the usage of the solution and complementary products
  * Design your solution in a monolithic way as opposed to a design with multiple versions of the same product that offer little interoperability between them

## Technical

For the purpose of technical verification, we don’t verify the technical
capability and security of underlying smart contracts nor the source code of
the contracts regardless of the programming language used. It is up to the
development and operating team to ensure functionality and security.

Technical verification scope is limited to the functioning SDK itself and no
other auxiliary software or services, even if they are interacted with during
the verification process.

Unity will periodically update requirements as the technologies powering
decentralization in gaming technologies evolve, and will request documentation
proving continued compliance with these vetting criteria.

[](verifiedsolutions.html)

Verified Solutions

[](UnityAccelerator.html)

Unity Accelerator

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

