[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/VersionCheck.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/VersionCheck.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/VersionCheck.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/VersionCheck.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/VersionCheck.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/VersionCheck.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/VersionCheck.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/VersionCheck.html)

  * [The Unity Editor](unity-editor.html)
  * [Editor Features](EditorFeatures.html)
  * Check For Updates

[](EditorAnalytics.html)

Editor analytics

[](IMEInput.html)

IME in Unity

# Check For Updates

Unity checks whether updates are available. This check happens either when
Unity is started, or when you choose the Help->Check for Updates menu item.
The update check sends the current Unity revision number (the five digit
number that appears in brackets after the version name in the About Unity
dialog) to the update server where is it compared with the most-up-to-date
released version. If a newer version of Unity is available the following
dialog is shown:

![Window displayed when there is a newer version of Unity available for
download.](../uploads/Main/updatecheck2.jpg) Window displayed when there is a
newer version of Unity available for download.

If the version in use is the most up-to-date then the following dialog is
shown:

![Window displayed when Unity is updated to the latest
version.](../uploads/Main/updatecheck1.jpg) Window displayed when Unity is
updated to the latest version.

Click the Download new version button to be taken to the website where you can
download the new version.

## Update Check Frequency

The response from the server also contains a time interval which suggests when
the next update check should be made. This allows the update check to be made
less frequently when Unity is not expecting updates to be made available.

## Skipping Update Versions

If you are in the middle of a project you may not want to update to a new
version of Unity. Ticking the Skip this version button on the Unity Editor
Update Check dialog will prevent Unity from telling you about this update.

## Disabling the Update Check

It is not possible to disable the check for updates. The Check For Updates
tick box on the dialog controls whether you are notified of updates (if they
are available) when Unity starts. Even if you have unticked the Check for
Updates option you can still check for updates by using the Help->Check for
Updates menu item.

* * *

  * 2017–11–10 Page amended 

[](EditorAnalytics.html)

Editor analytics

[](IMEInput.html)

IME in Unity

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

