[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/VRFeature.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/VRFeature.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/VRFeature.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/VRFeature.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/VRFeature.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/VRFeature.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/VRFeature.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/VRFeature.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * [Feature sets](FeatureSets.html)
  * VR feature set

[](MobileFeature.html)

Mobile feature set

[](get-started-with-unity.html)

Get started with Unity

# VR feature set

Create immersive **virtual reality** Virtual Reality (VR) immerses users in an
artificial 3D world of realistic images and sounds, using a headset and motion
tracking. [More info](VROverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#VirtualReality) experiences with Unity’s
**VR** Virtual Reality [More info](VROverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#VR) **feature set** A feature set is a
collection of related packages that you can use to achieve specific results in
the Unity Editor. You can manage feature sets directly in Unity’s Package
Manager. [More info](FeatureSets.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Featureset). The VR feature set provides a
starting point for VR development, installing all relevant packages necessary
to add interactivity to your apps.

## Getting started

The Unity VR feature set pre-installs the packages you need for VR
development. With [OpenXR](https://www.khronos.org/openxr/), you can simplify
your VR development by targeting a wide range of VR devices. Alternatively,
develop directly for the [Oculus](https://www.oculus.com/) platform with the
Oculus **XR** An umbrella term encompassing Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented
Reality (AR) and Mixed Reality (MR) applications. Devices supporting these
forms of interactive applications can be referred to as XR devices. [More
info](XR.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#XR) Plugin.

Unity directly supports the following VR platforms:

  * [Oculus](https://developer.oculus.com/documentation/unity/unity-gs-overview/)
  * [Windows Mixed Reality via OpenXR](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/unity-development-wmr-overview)

For more information on how to start developing applications for these
platforms in Unity, see the documentation in the list above.

If you plan to target Valve’s OpenVR platform, you must download Valve’s
[OpenVR Unity XR Plugin](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/unity-xr-plugin) and
[SteamVR Unity
Plugin](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamvr_unity_plugin/releases/tag/2.6.0b4)
for input.

## Configuration

To configure your Unity project for **AR** Augmented Reality [More
info](AROverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#AR), see [Configuring your Unity project for
XR](configuring-project-for-xr.html).

## Packages

The VR feature set contains the following packages:

  * [Oculus](com.unity.xr.oculus.html)
  * [OpenXR](com.unity.xr.openxr.html)
  * [XR Interaction Toolkit](com.unity.xr.interaction.toolkit.html)

## Resources

To learn more about Unity’s full suite of XR platforms, watch the [Getting
Started with XR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uItQp55ary8) session from
Unite Now.

## Related forums

Reach out and connect with our developer community in the [Unity Discussions
page for XR](https://discussions.unity.com/tags/c/unity-engine/52/xr).

## Public roadmap

We’re on a mission to provide the best development platform for creating AR/VR
experiences that distribute seamlessly to your target platforms. To understand
our future trajectory, refer to the [AR/VR product
roadmap](https://resources.unity.com/unity-engine-roadmap/ar-vr).

[](MobileFeature.html)

Mobile feature set

[](get-started-with-unity.html)

Get started with Unity

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

