[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/WorldBuildingFeature.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/WorldBuildingFeature.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/WorldBuildingFeature.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/WorldBuildingFeature.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/WorldBuildingFeature.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/WorldBuildingFeature.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/WorldBuildingFeature.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/WorldBuildingFeature.html)

  * [Packages and feature sets](PackagesList.html)
  * [Feature sets](FeatureSets.html)
  * 3D World Building feature set

[](CharacterAnimationFeature.html)

3D Characters and Animation feature set

[](ARFeature.html)

AR feature set

# 3D World Building feature set

Create 3D, open-world environments with the 3D World Building **feature set**
A feature set is a collection of related packages that you can use to achieve
specific results in the Unity Editor. You can manage feature sets directly in
Unity’s Package Manager. [More info](FeatureSets.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Featureset), and round-trip assets between
your preferred 3D modeling software using FBX interoperability to realize your
creative intent. Create geometry, sculpt meshes and **terrain** The landscape
in your scene. A Terrain GameObject adds a large flat plane to your scene and
you can use the Terrain’s Inspector window to create a detailed landscape.
[More info](terrain-UsingTerrains.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Terrain), Blend textures, and place objects
and vegetation throughout your **scene** A Scene contains the environments and
menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each
Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially
designing and building your game in pieces. [More info](CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Scene) using artist friendly tools to create
believable, interactive environments.

## Packages

The 3D World Building feature set contains the following packages:

  * [ProBuilder](com.unity.probuilder.html)
  * [Polybrush](com.unity.polybrush.html)
  * [Terrain Tools](com.unity.terrain-tools.html)
  * [FBX Exporter](com.unity.formats.fbx.html)

## Samples

### Asset Store

  * [Terrain Tools Sample Asset Pack](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/nature/terrain-tools-sample-asset-pack-145808)

### Package samples

The following packages have package samples:

  * [ProBuilder](com.unity.probuilder.html)
  * [Polybrush](com.unity.polybrush.html)

## Related forums

  * [World Building](https://forum.unity.com/forums/world-building.146/)

## Public roadmap

Find out about upcoming features in the [3D World
Building](https://resources.unity.com/unity-engine-roadmap/3d-world-building)
roadmap.

[](CharacterAnimationFeature.html)

3D Characters and Animation feature set

[](ARFeature.html)

AR feature set

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

