[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/writing-shader-tags-require-package.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/writing-shader-tags-require-package.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/writing-shader-tags-require-package.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/writing-shader-tags-require-package.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/writing-shader-tags-require-package.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/writing-shader-tags-require-package.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/writing-shader-tags-require-package.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/writing-shader-tags-require-package.html)

  * [Materials and shaders](materials-and-shaders.html)
  * [Shaders](Shaders.html)
  * [Writing custom shaders](writing-custom-shaders.html)
  * [Writing shaders in code](shader-writing.html)
  * [Configure when and if Unity uses a shader](writing-shader-tags.html)
  * Set a shader to require a package

[](SL-ShaderCompileTargets.html)

Set a shader to require a shader model or GPU feature

[](writing-shader-tags-set-render-queue.html)

Set the render queue of a shader

# Set a shader to require a package

Some **shaders** A program that runs on the GPU. [More info](Shaders.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Shader) need to support multiple **render
pipelines** A series of operations that take the contents of a Scene, and
displays them on a screen. Unity lets you choose from pre-built render
pipelines, or write your own. [More info](render-pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Renderpipeline) simultaneously. Adding package
requirements to [SubShaders](SL-SubShader.html) and [Passes](SL-Pass.html)
enables you to avoid compilation errors when shader code uses an include file
from a package that is not installed or requires a specific version of a
package to compile.

Version restrictions define a set of version ranges. If the installed version
of a required package is not inside any of the ranges, the package requirement
is not met. Similarly, if a requirement specifies a set of Unity version
restrictions, the same applies to the current version of Unity. For
information about the syntax of version restrictions, see [Version
syntax](shader-branching-unity-version.html).

If a SubShader or Pass declares package requirements that the project does not
meet, Unity excludes the SubShader or Pass from further processing and
compilation. This happens if the project does not include the required
packages, or includes them but not with a compatible version. If a shader does
not contain a single SubShader that meets the requirements, or if no SubShader
contains Passes that meet the requirements, the **Console window** A Unity
Editor window that shows errors, warnings and other messages generated by
Unity, or your own scripts. [More info](Console.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Consolewindow) shows a warning message.

**Note:** The `PackageRequirements` block must come before all other
declarations inside the SubShader or Pass.

### Example

The following code example shows how to specify package requirements in both a
SubShader and a Pass. The SubShader declares a single package requirement for
a package called “com.my.package” and works with any version of this package
starting from 2.2.0. The SubShader has two Passes:

  * The first Pass requires:

  * The Universal Render Pipeline package with a version between 10.2.1 and 11.0.

  * The Text **Mesh** The main graphics primitive of Unity. Meshes make up a large part of your 3D worlds. Unity supports triangulated or Quadrangulated polygon meshes. Nurbs, Nurms, Subdiv surfaces must be converted to polygons. [More info](mesh.html)  
See in [Glossary](Glossary.html#Mesh) Pro package with a version of 3.2 or
above.

  * The second Pass requires:

  * The High-Definition Render Pipeline package with a version between 8.0 to 8.5

    
    
    Shader "Examples/ExampleShader"
    {
        SubShader
        {
            PackageRequirements
            {
                "com.my.package": "2.2"
            }
            Pass
            {
                PackageRequirements
                {
                    "com.unity.render-pipelines.universal": "[10.2.1,11.0]"
                    "com.unity.textmeshpro": "3.2"
                }
    
                // The rest of the code for the Pass
            }
            Pass
            {
                PackageRequirements
                {
                    "com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition": "[8.0,8.5]"
                }
    
                // The rest of the code for the Pass
    
            }
        }
    }
    

## Additional resources

  * [PackageRequirements block in ShaderLab reference](SL-PackageRequirements.html)

[](SL-ShaderCompileTargets.html)

Set a shader to require a shader model or GPU feature

[](writing-shader-tags-set-render-queue.html)

Set the render queue of a shader

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

