[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/2d-physics/joints/introduction-to-2d-joints.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/2d-physics/joints/introduction-to-2d-joints.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/2d-physics/joints/introduction-to-2d-joints.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/2d-physics/joints/introduction-to-2d-joints.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/2d-physics/joints/introduction-to-2d-joints.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/2d-physics/joints/introduction-to-2d-joints.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/2d-physics/joints/introduction-to-2d-joints.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/2d-physics/joints/introduction-to-2d-joints.html)

  * [Working in Unity](../../working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](../../Unity2D.html)
  * [2D Physics](../../2d-physics/2d-physics.html)
  * [2D joints](../../2d-physics/joints/2d-joints-landing.html)
  * Introduction to 2D joints

[](../../2d-physics/joints/2d-joints-landing.html)

2D joints

[](../../2d-physics/joints/2d-joint-constraints.html)

2D joint constraints

# Introduction to 2D joints

2D joints are the 2D counterparts of the 3D **joint** A physics component
allowing a dynamic connection between Rigidbody components, usually allowing
some degree of movement such as a hinge. [More info](../../Joints.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#joint) physics components, and are made
to work only with 2D GameObjects. You can only attach 2D joints to GameObjects
which have an attached **Rigidbody** A component that allows a GameObject to
be affected by simulated gravity and other forces. [More info](../../class-
Rigidbody.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#Rigidbody) 2D component, or to a fixed
position in world space. A 2D joint connects a Rigidbody 2D **GameObject** The
fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can represent characters, props,
scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A GameObject’s functionality is defined
by the Components attached to it. [More info](../../class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#GameObject) to another Rigidbody 2D
GameObject. 2D joints can apply forces that move Rigidbody GameObjects, and
joint limits can restrict that movement.

You can tell a 2D joint from its 3D counterpart in the [Component
browser](../../UsingComponents.html) by its name ending in ‘2D’.

There are many different types of 2D joints available. Refer to each joint’s
respective page for detailed information about their properties and uses.
These can be found in the [2D Joints](./2d-joints-landing.html) section.

[](../../2d-physics/joints/2d-joints-landing.html)

2D joints

[](../../2d-physics/joints/2d-joint-constraints.html)

2D joint constraints

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

