[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# IAccessibilityNotificationDispatcher

interface in UnityEngine.Accessibility

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Sends accessibility notifications to the screen reader.

### Public Methods

[SendAnnouncement](Accessibility.IAccessibilityNotificationDispatcher.SendAnnouncement.html)|
Sends a notification to the screen reader conveying an announcement. Use this
notification to provide accessibility information about events that don't
update the app's UI, or that update the UI only briefly.  
---|---  
[SendLayoutChanged](Accessibility.IAccessibilityNotificationDispatcher.SendLayoutChanged.html)|
Sends a notification to the screen reader when the layout of a screen changes
(for example, when an individual element appears or disappears). An optional
parameter can be used to request the screen reader focus on a specific node
after processing the notification.  
[SendScreenChanged](Accessibility.IAccessibilityNotificationDispatcher.SendScreenChanged.html)|
Sends a notification to the screen reader when the screen has changed
considerably. An optional parameter can be used to request the screen reader
focus on a specific node after processing the notification.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

