[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [NavMesh](AI.NavMesh.html).pathfindingIterationsPerFrame

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static int pathfindingIterationsPerFrame;

### Description

The maximum number of nodes processed for each frame during the asynchronous
pathfinding process.

During the pathfinding process, the pathfinder expands only a certain number
of nodes (NavMesh polygons) for each frame. This allows for smoother gameplay
when processing long paths or when processing a large number of requests
concurrently. However, the path request might take many frames to process.  
  
The iteration count only affects asynchronous pathfinding. This method of
pathfinding is used when the NavMesh Agent destination is set with
[NavMeshAgent.SetDestination](AI.NavMeshAgent.SetDestination.html) or
[NavMeshAgent.destination](AI.NavMeshAgent-destination.html).  
  
Increasing this value causes faster path processing but it might also cause
frame rate issues. The default value is 100. An ideal value is between 50 and
500.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

