[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# IApplicationExitInfo

interface in UnityEngine.Android

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Mirrors `android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo`.

For more information, refer to Android's documentation on
[ApplicationExitInfo](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/ApplicationExitInfo).

### Properties

[definingUid](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-definingUid.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getDefiningUid() method.  
---|---  
[describeContents](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-describeContents.html)|
Mirrors android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo describeContents() method.  
[description](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-description.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getDescription() method.  
[importance](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-importance.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getImportance() method.  
[packageUid](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-packageUid.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getPackageUid() method.  
[pid](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-pid.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getPid() method.  
[processName](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-processName.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getProcessName() method.  
[processStateSummary](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-processStateSummary.html)|
Mirrors android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getProcessStateSummary()
method.  
[pss](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-pss.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getPss() method.  
[realUid](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-realUid.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getRealUid() method.  
[reason](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-reason.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getReason() method.  
[rss](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-rss.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getRss() method.  
[status](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-status.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getStatus() method.  
[timestamp](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-timestamp.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo getTimestamp() method.  
[trace](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-trace.html)| Mirrors
android:android.app.ApplicationExitInfo TraceInputStream() method.  
[traceAsString](Android.IApplicationExitInfo-traceAsString.html)| Returns the
trace content in UTF8 string format.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

