[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [AndroidJavaProxy](AndroidJavaProxy.html).Invoke

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public [AndroidJavaObject](AndroidJavaObject.html) Invoke(string methodName,
object[] args);

## Declaration

public [AndroidJavaObject](AndroidJavaObject.html) Invoke(string methodName,
AndroidJavaObject[] javaArgs);

### Parameters

methodName | Name of the invoked java method.  
---|---  
args | Arguments passed from the java vm - converted into AndroidJavaObject, AndroidJavaClass or a primitive.  
javaArgs | Arguments passed from the java vm - all objects are represented by AndroidJavaObject, int for instance is represented by a java.lang.Integer object.  
  
### Description

Called by the java vm whenever a method is invoked on the java proxy
interface. You can override this to run special code on method invocation, or
you can leave the implementation as is, and leave the default behavior which
is to look for c# methods matching the signature of the java method.

* * *

## Declaration

public IntPtr Invoke(string methodName, IntPtr javaArgs);

### Parameters

methodName | Name of the invoked java method.  
---|---  
javaArgs | A reference to Java object array with arguments passed to this method.  
  
### Returns

**IntPtr** A local reference to Java object, representing the return value.

### Description

Called by the java vm whenever a method is invoked on the java proxy
interface. You can override this to run special code on method invocation, or
you can leave the implementation as is, which will convert argument array to
AndroidJavaObject[] and call other Invoke.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

