[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# AndroidJNI

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.AndroidJNIModule](UnityEngine.AndroidJNIModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

'Raw' JNI interface to Android Java VM from Unity scripting (C#).  
  
**Note:** Using _raw_ JNI functions requires advanced knowledge of the Android
Java Native Interface (JNI). _Please take note._

### Static Methods

[AllocObject](AndroidJNI.AllocObject.html)| Allocates a new Java object
without invoking any of the constructors for the object.  
---|---  
[AttachCurrentThread](AndroidJNI.AttachCurrentThread.html)| Attaches the
current thread to a Java (Dalvik) VM.  
[CallBooleanMethod](AndroidJNI.CallBooleanMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance
method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to
the method.  
[CallBooleanMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallBooleanMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a
Java instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of
arguments (args) to the method.  
[CallCharMethod](AndroidJNI.CallCharMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance method
defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to the
method.  
[CallCharMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallCharMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallDoubleMethod](AndroidJNI.CallDoubleMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance
method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to
the method.  
[CallDoubleMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallDoubleMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallFloatMethod](AndroidJNI.CallFloatMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance
method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to
the method.  
[CallFloatMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallFloatMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallIntMethod](AndroidJNI.CallIntMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance method
defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to the
method.  
[CallIntMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallIntMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallLongMethod](AndroidJNI.CallLongMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance method
defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to the
method.  
[CallLongMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallLongMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallObjectMethod](AndroidJNI.CallObjectMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance
method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to
the method.  
[CallObjectMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallObjectMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallSByteMethod](AndroidJNI.CallSByteMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance
method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to
the method.  
[CallSByteMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallSByteMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallShortMethod](AndroidJNI.CallShortMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance
method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to
the method.  
[CallShortMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallShortMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallStaticBooleanMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticBooleanMethod.html)| Invokes
the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in
an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticBooleanMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticBooleanMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticCharMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticCharMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticCharMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticCharMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticDoubleMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticDoubleMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticDoubleMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticDoubleMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticFloatMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticFloatMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticFloatMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticFloatMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticIntMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticIntMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticIntMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticIntMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticLongMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticLongMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticLongMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticLongMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticObjectMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticObjectMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticObjectMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticObjectMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticSByteMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticSByteMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticSByteMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticSByteMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticShortMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticShortMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticShortMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticShortMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticStringMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticStringMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticStringMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticStringMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticVoidMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStaticVoidMethod.html)| Invokes the
specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally passing in an
array of arguments (args).  
[CallStaticVoidMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStaticVoidMethodUnsafe.html)|
Invokes the specified methodID static method on a Java object, optionally
passing in an array of arguments (args).  
[CallStringMethod](AndroidJNI.CallStringMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance
method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to
the method.  
[CallStringMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallStringMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[CallVoidMethod](AndroidJNI.CallVoidMethod.html)| Calls a Java instance method
defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments (args) to the
method.  
[CallVoidMethodUnsafe](AndroidJNI.CallVoidMethodUnsafe.html)| Calls a Java
instance method defined by methodID, optionally passing an array of arguments
(args) to the method.  
[DeleteGlobalRef](AndroidJNI.DeleteGlobalRef.html)| Deletes the global
reference pointed to by obj.  
[DeleteLocalRef](AndroidJNI.DeleteLocalRef.html)| Deletes the local reference
pointed to by obj.  
[DeleteWeakGlobalRef](AndroidJNI.DeleteWeakGlobalRef.html)| Deletes the global
weak reference pointed to by obj.  
[DetachCurrentThread](AndroidJNI.DetachCurrentThread.html)| Detaches the
current thread from a Java (Dalvik) VM.  
[EnsureLocalCapacity](AndroidJNI.EnsureLocalCapacity.html)| Ensures that at
least a given number of local references can be created in the current thread.  
[ExceptionClear](AndroidJNI.ExceptionClear.html)| Clears any exception that is
currently being thrown.  
[ExceptionDescribe](AndroidJNI.ExceptionDescribe.html)| Prints an exception
and a backtrace of the stack to the logcat  
[ExceptionOccurred](AndroidJNI.ExceptionOccurred.html)| Determines if an
exception is being thrown.  
[FatalError](AndroidJNI.FatalError.html)| Raises a fatal error and does not
expect the VM to recover. This function does not return.  
[FindClass](AndroidJNI.FindClass.html)| This function loads a locally-defined
class.  
[FromBooleanArray](AndroidJNI.FromBooleanArray.html)| Converts a Java array of
boolean to a managed array of System.Boolean.  
[FromCharArray](AndroidJNI.FromCharArray.html)| Converts a Java array of char
to a managed array of System.Char.  
[FromDoubleArray](AndroidJNI.FromDoubleArray.html)| Converts a Java array of
double to a managed array of System.Double.  
[FromFloatArray](AndroidJNI.FromFloatArray.html)| Converts a Java array of
float to a managed array of System.Single.  
[FromIntArray](AndroidJNI.FromIntArray.html)| Converts a Java array of int to
a managed array of System.Int32.  
[FromLongArray](AndroidJNI.FromLongArray.html)| Converts a Java array of long
to a managed array of System.Int64.  
[FromObjectArray](AndroidJNI.FromObjectArray.html)| Converts a Java array of
java.lang.Object to a managed array of System.IntPtr, representing Java
objects.  
[FromReflectedField](AndroidJNI.FromReflectedField.html)| Converts a
java.lang.reflect.Field to a field ID.  
[FromReflectedMethod](AndroidJNI.FromReflectedMethod.html)| Converts a
java.lang.reflect.Method or java.lang.reflect.Constructor object to a method
ID.  
[FromSByteArray](AndroidJNI.FromSByteArray.html)| Converts a Java array of
byte to a managed array of System.SByte.  
[FromShortArray](AndroidJNI.FromShortArray.html)| Converts a Java array of
short to a managed array of System.Int16.  
[GetArrayLength](AndroidJNI.GetArrayLength.html)| Returns the number of
elements in the array.  
[GetBooleanArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetBooleanArrayElement.html)| Returns the
value of one element of a primitive array.  
[GetBooleanField](AndroidJNI.GetBooleanField.html)| Returns the value of an
instance (nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetCharArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetCharArrayElement.html)| Returns the value
of one element of a primitive array.  
[GetCharField](AndroidJNI.GetCharField.html)| Returns the value of an instance
(nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetDirectBufferAddress](AndroidJNI.GetDirectBufferAddress.html)| Fetches and
returns the starting address of the memory region referenced by the given
direct java.nio.Buffer.  
[GetDirectBufferCapacity](AndroidJNI.GetDirectBufferCapacity.html)| Fetches
and returns the capacity of the memory region referenced by the given direct
java.nio.Buffer.  
[GetDirectByteBuffer](AndroidJNI.GetDirectByteBuffer.html)| Returns the
NativeArray backed by the same memory region as the given direct
java.nio.Buffer.  
[GetDirectSByteBuffer](AndroidJNI.GetDirectSByteBuffer.html)| Returns the
NativeArray backed by the same memory region as the given direct
java.nio.Buffer.  
[GetDoubleArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetDoubleArrayElement.html)| Returns the
value of one element of a primitive array.  
[GetDoubleField](AndroidJNI.GetDoubleField.html)| Returns the value of an
instance (nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetFieldID](AndroidJNI.GetFieldID.html)| Returns the field ID for an instance
(nonstatic) field of a class.  
[GetFloatArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetFloatArrayElement.html)| Returns the
value of one element of a primitive array.  
[GetFloatField](AndroidJNI.GetFloatField.html)| Returns the value of an
instance (nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetIntArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetIntArrayElement.html)| Returns the value of
one element of a primitive array.  
[GetIntField](AndroidJNI.GetIntField.html)| Returns the value of an instance
(nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetJavaVM](AndroidJNI.GetJavaVM.html)| Returns the pointer to JavaVM.  
[GetLongArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetLongArrayElement.html)| Returns the value
of one element of a primitive array.  
[GetLongField](AndroidJNI.GetLongField.html)| Returns the value of an instance
(nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetMethodID](AndroidJNI.GetMethodID.html)| Returns the method ID for an
instance (nonstatic) method of a class or interface.  
[GetObjectArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetObjectArrayElement.html)| Returns an
element of an Object array.  
[GetObjectClass](AndroidJNI.GetObjectClass.html)| Returns the class of an
object.  
[GetObjectField](AndroidJNI.GetObjectField.html)| Returns the value of an
instance (nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetSByteArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetSByteArrayElement.html)| Returns the
value of one element of a primitive array.  
[GetSByteField](AndroidJNI.GetSByteField.html)| Returns the value of an
instance (nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetShortArrayElement](AndroidJNI.GetShortArrayElement.html)| Returns the
value of one element of a primitive array.  
[GetShortField](AndroidJNI.GetShortField.html)| Returns the value of an
instance (nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetStaticBooleanField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticBooleanField.html)| Returns the
value of a static field of an object.  
[GetStaticCharField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticCharField.html)| Returns the value of
a static field of an object.  
[GetStaticDoubleField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticDoubleField.html)| Returns the
value of a static field of an object.  
[GetStaticFieldID](AndroidJNI.GetStaticFieldID.html)| Returns the field ID for
a static field of a class.  
[GetStaticFloatField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticFloatField.html)| Returns the value
of a static field of an object.  
[GetStaticIntField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticIntField.html)| Returns the value of a
static field of an object.  
[GetStaticLongField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticLongField.html)| Returns the value of
a static field of an object.  
[GetStaticMethodID](AndroidJNI.GetStaticMethodID.html)| Returns the method ID
for a static method of a class.  
[GetStaticObjectField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticObjectField.html)| Returns the
value of a static field of an object.  
[GetStaticSByteField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticSByteField.html)| Returns the value
of a static field of an object.  
[GetStaticShortField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticShortField.html)| Returns the value
of a static field of an object.  
[GetStaticStringField](AndroidJNI.GetStaticStringField.html)| Returns the
value of a static field of an object.  
[GetStringChars](AndroidJNI.GetStringChars.html)| Returns a pointer to the
array of Unicode characters of the string. This pointer is valid until
ReleaseStringchars() is called.  
[GetStringField](AndroidJNI.GetStringField.html)| Returns the value of an
instance (nonstatic) field of an object.  
[GetStringLength](AndroidJNI.GetStringLength.html)| Returns the length (the
count of Unicode characters) of a Java string.  
[GetStringUTFChars](AndroidJNI.GetStringUTFChars.html)| Returns a managed
string object representing the string in modified UTF-8 encoding.  
[GetStringUTFLength](AndroidJNI.GetStringUTFLength.html)| Returns the length
in bytes of the modified UTF-8 representation of a string.  
[GetSuperclass](AndroidJNI.GetSuperclass.html)| If clazz represents any class
other than the class Object, then this function returns the object that
represents the superclass of the class specified by clazz.  
[GetVersion](AndroidJNI.GetVersion.html)| Returns the version of the native
method interface.  
[InvokeAttached](AndroidJNI.InvokeAttached.html)| Calls
AndroidJNI.AttachCurrentThread (if necessary) before invoking a delegate, and
then calls AndroidJNI.DetachCurrentThread.  
[IsAssignableFrom](AndroidJNI.IsAssignableFrom.html)| Determines whether an
object of clazz1 can be safely cast to clazz2.  
[IsInstanceOf](AndroidJNI.IsInstanceOf.html)| Tests whether an object is an
instance of a class.  
[IsSameObject](AndroidJNI.IsSameObject.html)| Tests whether two references
refer to the same Java object.  
[NewBooleanArray](AndroidJNI.NewBooleanArray.html)| Constructs a new primitive
array object.  
[NewCharArray](AndroidJNI.NewCharArray.html)| Constructs a new primitive array
object.  
[NewDirectByteBuffer](AndroidJNI.NewDirectByteBuffer.html)| Allocates and
returns a direct java.nio.ByteBuffer referring to the block of memory starting
at the memory address address and extending capacity bytes.  
[NewDoubleArray](AndroidJNI.NewDoubleArray.html)| Constructs a new primitive
array object.  
[NewFloatArray](AndroidJNI.NewFloatArray.html)| Constructs a new primitive
array object.  
[NewGlobalRef](AndroidJNI.NewGlobalRef.html)| Creates a new global reference
to the object referred to by the obj argument.  
[NewIntArray](AndroidJNI.NewIntArray.html)| Constructs a new primitive array
object.  
[NewLocalRef](AndroidJNI.NewLocalRef.html)| Creates a new local reference that
refers to the same object as obj.  
[NewLongArray](AndroidJNI.NewLongArray.html)| Constructs a new primitive array
object.  
[NewObject](AndroidJNI.NewObject.html)| Constructs a new Java object. The
method ID indicates which constructor method to invoke. This ID must be
obtained by calling GetMethodID() with <init> as the method name and void (V)
as the return type.  
[NewObjectA](AndroidJNI.NewObjectA.html)| Constructs a new Java object. The
method ID indicates which constructor method to invoke. This ID must be
obtained by calling GetMethodID() with <init> as the method name and void (V)
as the return type.  
[NewObjectArray](AndroidJNI.NewObjectArray.html)| Constructs a new array
holding objects in class clazz. All elements are initially set to obj.  
[NewSByteArray](AndroidJNI.NewSByteArray.html)| Constructs a new primitive
array object.  
[NewShortArray](AndroidJNI.NewShortArray.html)| Constructs a new primitive
array object.  
[NewString](AndroidJNI.NewString.html)| Constructs a new java.lang.String
object from an array of Unicode characters.  
[NewStringUTF](AndroidJNI.NewStringUTF.html)| Constructs a new
java.lang.String object from an array of characters in modified UTF-8
encoding.  
[NewWeakGlobalRef](AndroidJNI.NewWeakGlobalRef.html)| Creates a new global
weak reference to the object referred to by the obj argument.  
[PopLocalFrame](AndroidJNI.PopLocalFrame.html)| Pops off the current local
reference frame, frees all the local references, and returns a local reference
in the previous local reference frame for the given result object.  
[PushLocalFrame](AndroidJNI.PushLocalFrame.html)| Creates a new local
reference frame, in which at least a given number of local references can be
created.  
[RegisterNatives](AndroidJNI.RegisterNatives.html)| Registers native methods
with the class specified by the clazz argument.  
[SetBooleanArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetBooleanArrayElement.html)| Sets the
boolean value of one element in a primitive array.  
[SetBooleanField](AndroidJNI.SetBooleanField.html)| Sets the value of an
instance field of the specified object.  
[SetCharArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetCharArrayElement.html)| Sets the char
value of one element in a primitive array.  
[SetCharField](AndroidJNI.SetCharField.html)| Sets the value of an instance
field of the specified object.  
[SetDoubleArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetDoubleArrayElement.html)| Sets the
double value of one element in a primitive array.  
[SetDoubleField](AndroidJNI.SetDoubleField.html)| Sets the value of an
instance field of the specified object.  
[SetFloatArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetFloatArrayElement.html)| Sets the float
value of one element in a primitive array.  
[SetFloatField](AndroidJNI.SetFloatField.html)| Sets the value of an instance
field of the specified object.  
[SetIntArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetIntArrayElement.html)| Sets the int value
of one element in a primitive array.  
[SetIntField](AndroidJNI.SetIntField.html)| Sets the value of an instance
field of the specified object.  
[SetLongArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetLongArrayElement.html)| Sets the long
value of one element in a primitive array.  
[SetLongField](AndroidJNI.SetLongField.html)| Sets the value of an instance
field of the specified object.  
[SetObjectArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetObjectArrayElement.html)| Sets an
element of an Object array.  
[SetObjectField](AndroidJNI.SetObjectField.html)| Sets the value of an
instance field of the specified object.  
[SetSByteArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetSByteArrayElement.html)| Sets the sbyte
value of one element in a primitive array.  
[SetSByteField](AndroidJNI.SetSByteField.html)| Sets the value of an instance
field of the specified object.  
[SetShortArrayElement](AndroidJNI.SetShortArrayElement.html)| Sets the short
value of one element in a primitive array.  
[SetShortField](AndroidJNI.SetShortField.html)| Sets the value of an instance
field of the specified object.  
[SetStaticBooleanField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticBooleanField.html)| Sets the value
of a static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticCharField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticCharField.html)| Sets the value of a
static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticDoubleField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticDoubleField.html)| Sets the value
of a static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticFloatField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticFloatField.html)| Sets the value of
a static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticIntField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticIntField.html)| Sets the value of a
static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticLongField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticLongField.html)| Sets the value of a
static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticObjectField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticObjectField.html)| Sets the value
of a static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticSByteField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticSByteField.html)| Sets the value of
a static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticShortField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticShortField.html)| Sets the value of
a static field in the specified object.  
[SetStaticStringField](AndroidJNI.SetStaticStringField.html)| Sets the value
of a static field in the specified object.  
[SetStringField](AndroidJNI.SetStringField.html)| Sets the value of an
instance field of the specified object.  
[Throw](AndroidJNI.Throw.html)| Causes a java.lang.Throwable object to be
thrown.  
[ThrowNew](AndroidJNI.ThrowNew.html)| Constructs an exception object from the
specified class with the message specified by message and causes that
exception to be thrown.  
[ToBooleanArray](AndroidJNI.ToBooleanArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.Boolean to a Java array of boolean.  
[ToCharArray](AndroidJNI.ToCharArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.Char to a Java array of char.  
[ToDoubleArray](AndroidJNI.ToDoubleArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.Double to a Java array of double.  
[ToFloatArray](AndroidJNI.ToFloatArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.Single to a Java array of float.  
[ToIntArray](AndroidJNI.ToIntArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.Int32 to a Java array of int.  
[ToLongArray](AndroidJNI.ToLongArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.Int64 to a Java array of long.  
[ToObjectArray](AndroidJNI.ToObjectArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.IntPtr, representing Java objects, to a Java array of java.lang.Object.  
[ToReflectedField](AndroidJNI.ToReflectedField.html)| Converts a field ID
derived from cls to a java.lang.reflect.Field object.  
[ToReflectedMethod](AndroidJNI.ToReflectedMethod.html)| Converts a method ID
derived from clazz to a java.lang.reflect.Method or
java.lang.reflect.Constructor object.  
[ToSByteArray](AndroidJNI.ToSByteArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.SByte to a Java array of byte.  
[ToShortArray](AndroidJNI.ToShortArray.html)| Converts a managed array of
System.Int16 to a Java array of short.  
[UnregisterNatives](AndroidJNI.UnregisterNatives.html)| Unregisters native
methods of a class. The class goes back to the state before it was linked or
registered with its native method functions.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

