[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[DownloadAssetPackAsyncOperation](Android.DownloadAssetPackAsyncOperation.html).downloadFailedAssetPacks

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public string[] downloadFailedAssetPacks;

### Description

Gets the names of Android asset packs that failed to download.

The Android asset pack names this property returns correspond to asset pack
downloads that either failed due to some error or that the end user canceled.
For more information, call
[AndroidAssetPacks.DownloadAssetPackAsync](Android.AndroidAssetPacks.DownloadAssetPackAsync.html)
and pass a callback method to it. Unity raises the callback with additional
information, such as the error code, during the download. Note: This list also
includes the names of Android asset packs for which Google's PlayCore API did
not raise any callbacks. This happens if you access this property right away
after calling DownloadAssetPackAsync, before the PlayCore API raises any of
the callbacks. Read-only. Additional resources:
DownloadAssetPackAsyncOperation.isDone
[[DownloadAssetPackAsyncOperation.progress.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

