[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Permission

struct in UnityEngine.Android

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.AndroidJNIModule](UnityEngine.AndroidJNIModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Structure describing a permission that requires user authorization.

### Static Properties

[Camera](Android.Permission.Camera.html)| Used when requesting permission or
checking if permission has been granted to use the camera.  
---|---  
[CoarseLocation](Android.Permission.CoarseLocation.html)| Used when requesting
permission or checking if permission has been granted to use the users
location with coarse granularity.  
[ExternalStorageRead](Android.Permission.ExternalStorageRead.html)| Used when
requesting permission or checking if permission has been granted to read from
external storage such as a SD card.  
[ExternalStorageWrite](Android.Permission.ExternalStorageWrite.html)| Used
when requesting permission or checking if permission has been granted to write
to external storage such as a SD card.  
[FineLocation](Android.Permission.FineLocation.html)| Used when requesting
permission or checking if permission has been granted to use the users
location with high precision.  
[Microphone](Android.Permission.Microphone.html)| Used when requesting
permission or checking if permission has been granted to use the microphone.  
  
### Static Methods

[HasUserAuthorizedPermission](Android.Permission.HasUserAuthorizedPermission.html)|
Check if the user has granted access to a device resource or information that
requires authorization.  
---|---  
[RequestUserPermission](Android.Permission.RequestUserPermission.html)|
Request the user to grant access to a device resource or information that
requires authorization.  
[RequestUserPermissions](Android.Permission.RequestUserPermissions.html)|
Request the user to grant access to multiple device resources or information
that requires authorization.  
[ShouldShowRequestPermissionRationale](Android.Permission.ShouldShowRequestPermissionRationale.html)|
Check whether to display the UI explaining the reason for permission before
requesting it.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

