[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# CurveFilterOptions

struct in UnityEditor.Animations

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The keyframe reduction settings for compressing animation curves.

Use the CurveFilterOptions when saving a recording to a clip. A value of 0.5
gives a light compression. Additional resources:
[GameObjectRecorder.SaveToClip](Animations.GameObjectRecorder.SaveToClip.html).

### Properties

[floatError](Animations.CurveFilterOptions-floatError.html)| The amount the
float animation curve is allowed to deviate from its original curve. This
amount is expressed as a percentage: a positive value between 0 and 100.  
---|---  
[keyframeReduction](Animations.CurveFilterOptions-keyframeReduction.html)|
Whether to apply keyframe reduction.  
[positionError](Animations.CurveFilterOptions-positionError.html)| The amount
the position animation curve is allowed to deviate from its original curve.
This amount is expressed as a percentage: a positive value between 0 and 100.  
[rotationError](Animations.CurveFilterOptions-rotationError.html)| The amount
the rotation animation curve is allowed to deviate from its original curve.
This amount is expressed as a number of degrees. It should be a positive value
between 0 and 180.  
[scaleError](Animations.CurveFilterOptions-scaleError.html)| The amount the
scale animation curve is allowed to deviate from its original curve. This
amount is expressed as a percentage: a positive value between 0 and 100.  
[unrollRotation](Animations.CurveFilterOptions-unrollRotation.html)| Whether
to apply rotation unrolling. This option is enabled by default.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

