[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# AnimatorController

class in UnityEditor.Animations

/

Inherits from:[RuntimeAnimatorController](RuntimeAnimatorController.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The Animator Controller controls animation through layers with state machines,
controlled by parameters.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using UnityEditor.Animations;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    // Create a menu item that causes a new controller and statemachine to be created.  
      
    public class SM : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("MyMenu/Create Controller")]
        static void CreateController()
        {
            // Creates the controller
            var controller = UnityEditor.Animations.AnimatorController.CreateAnimatorControllerAtPath("Assets/Mecanim/StateMachineTransitions.controller");  
      
            // Add parameters
            controller.AddParameter("TransitionNow", [AnimatorControllerParameterType.Trigger](AnimatorControllerParameterType.Trigger.html));
            controller.AddParameter("Reset", [AnimatorControllerParameterType.Trigger](AnimatorControllerParameterType.Trigger.html));
            controller.AddParameter("GotoB1", [AnimatorControllerParameterType.Trigger](AnimatorControllerParameterType.Trigger.html));
            controller.AddParameter("GotoC", [AnimatorControllerParameterType.Trigger](AnimatorControllerParameterType.Trigger.html));  
      
            // Add StateMachines
            var rootStateMachine = controller.layers[0].stateMachine;
            var stateMachineA = rootStateMachine.AddStateMachine("smA");
            var stateMachineB = rootStateMachine.AddStateMachine("smB");
            var stateMachineC = stateMachineB.AddStateMachine("smC");  
      
            // Add [States](VersionControl.Asset.States.html)
            var stateA1 = stateMachineA.AddState("stateA1");
            var stateB1 = stateMachineB.AddState("stateB1");
            var stateB2 = stateMachineB.AddState("stateB2");
            stateMachineC.AddState("stateC1");
            var stateC2 = stateMachineC.AddState("stateC2"); // donâ€™t add an entry transition, should entry to state by default  
      
            // Add Transitions
            var exitTransition = stateA1.AddExitTransition();
            exitTransition.AddCondition(UnityEditor.Animations.AnimatorConditionMode.If, 0, "TransitionNow");
            exitTransition.duration = 0;  
      
            var resetTransition = rootStateMachine.AddAnyStateTransition(stateA1);
            resetTransition.AddCondition(UnityEditor.Animations.AnimatorConditionMode.If, 0, "Reset");
            resetTransition.duration = 0;  
      
            var transitionB1 = stateMachineB.AddEntryTransition(stateB1);
            transitionB1.AddCondition(UnityEditor.Animations.AnimatorConditionMode.If, 0, "GotoB1");
            stateMachineB.AddEntryTransition(stateB2);
            stateMachineC.defaultState = stateC2;
            var exitTransitionC2 = stateC2.AddExitTransition();
            exitTransitionC2.AddCondition(UnityEditor.Animations.AnimatorConditionMode.If, 0, "TransitionNow");
            exitTransitionC2.duration = 0;  
      
            var stateMachineTransition = rootStateMachine.AddStateMachineTransition(stateMachineA, stateMachineC);
            stateMachineTransition.AddCondition(UnityEditor.Animations.AnimatorConditionMode.If, 0, "GotoC");
            rootStateMachine.AddStateMachineTransition(stateMachineA, stateMachineB);
        }
    }
    

### Properties

[layers](Animations.AnimatorController-layers.html)| The layers in the
controller.  
---|---  
[parameters](Animations.AnimatorController-parameters.html)| Parameters are
used to communicate between scripting and the controller. They are used to
drive transitions and blendtrees for example.  
  
### Constructors

[AnimatorController](Animations.AnimatorController-ctor.html)| Constructor.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[AddEffectiveStateMachineBehaviour](Animations.AnimatorController.AddEffectiveStateMachineBehaviour.html)|
Adds a state machine behaviour class of a specific type to the AnimatorState
for layer layerIndex. This method should be used when you are dealing with
synchronized layer and would like to add a state machine behaviour on a
synchronized layer. Note that there is no corresponding "Remove" method. To
remove a state machine behaviour, use Object.Destroy.  
---|---  
[AddLayer](Animations.AnimatorController.AddLayer.html)| Utility function to
add a layer to the controller.  
[AddMotion](Animations.AnimatorController.AddMotion.html)| Utility function
that creates a new state with the motion in it.  
[AddParameter](Animations.AnimatorController.AddParameter.html)| Utility
function to add a parameter to the controller.  
[CreateBlendTreeInController](Animations.AnimatorController.CreateBlendTreeInController.html)|
Creates a BlendTree in a new AnimatorState.  
[GetBehaviours](Animations.AnimatorController.GetBehaviours.html)| Returns all
StateMachineBehaviour that match type T or are derived from T.  
[GetStateEffectiveBehaviours](Animations.AnimatorController.GetStateEffectiveBehaviours.html)|
Gets the effective state machine behaviour list for the AnimatorState.
Behaviours are either stored in the AnimatorStateMachine or in the
AnimatorLayer's ovverrides. Use this function to get Behaviour list that is
effectively used.  
[GetStateEffectiveMotion](Animations.AnimatorController.GetStateEffectiveMotion.html)|
Gets the effective Motion for the AnimatorState. The Motion is either stored
in the AnimatorStateMachine or in the AnimatorLayer's ovverrides. Use this
function to get the Motion that is effectively used.  
[MakeUniqueLayerName](Animations.AnimatorController.MakeUniqueLayerName.html)|
Creates a unique name for the layers.  
[MakeUniqueParameterName](Animations.AnimatorController.MakeUniqueParameterName.html)|
Creates a unique name for the parameter.  
[RemoveLayer](Animations.AnimatorController.RemoveLayer.html)| Utility
function to remove a layer from the controller.  
[RemoveParameter](Animations.AnimatorController.RemoveParameter.html)| Utility
function to remove a parameter from the controller.  
[SetStateEffectiveBehaviours](Animations.AnimatorController.SetStateEffectiveBehaviours.html)|
Sets the effective state machine Behaviour list for the AnimatorState. The
Behaviour list is either stored in the AnimatorStateMachine or in the
AnimatorLayer's ovverrides. Use this function to set the Behaviour list that
is effectively used.  
[SetStateEffectiveMotion](Animations.AnimatorController.SetStateEffectiveMotion.html)|
Sets the effective Motion for the AnimatorState. The Motion is either stored
in the AnimatorStateMachine or in the AnimatorLayer's ovverrides. Use this
function to set the Motion that is effectively used.  
  
### Static Methods

[CreateAnimatorControllerAtPath](Animations.AnimatorController.CreateAnimatorControllerAtPath.html)|
Creates an AnimatorController at the given path.  
---|---  
[CreateAnimatorControllerAtPathWithClip](Animations.AnimatorController.CreateAnimatorControllerAtPathWithClip.html)|
Creates an AnimatorController at the given path, and automatically create an
AnimatorLayer with an AnimatorStateMachine that will add a State with the
AnimationClip in it.  
[CreateStateMachineBehaviour](Animations.AnimatorController.CreateStateMachineBehaviour.html)|
This function will create a StateMachineBehaviour instance based on the class
define in this script.  
[FindStateMachineBehaviourContext](Animations.AnimatorController.FindStateMachineBehaviourContext.html)|
Use this function to retrieve the owner of this behaviour.  
  
### Inherited Members

### Properties

[hideFlags](Object-hideFlags.html)| Should the object be hidden, saved with
the Scene or modifiable by the user?  
---|---  
[name](Object-name.html)| The name of the object.  
[animationClips](RuntimeAnimatorController-animationClips.html)| Retrieves all
AnimationClip used by the controller.  
  
### Public Methods

[GetInstanceID](Object.GetInstanceID.html)| Gets the instance ID of the
object.  
---|---  
[ToString](Object.ToString.html)| Returns the name of the object.  
  
### Static Methods

[Destroy](Object.Destroy.html)| Removes a GameObject, component or asset.  
---|---  
[DestroyImmediate](Object.DestroyImmediate.html)| Destroys the object obj
immediately. You are strongly recommended to use Destroy instead.  
[DontDestroyOnLoad](Object.DontDestroyOnLoad.html)| Do not destroy the target
Object when loading a new Scene.  
[FindAnyObjectByType](Object.FindAnyObjectByType.html)| Retrieves any active
loaded object of Type type.  
[FindFirstObjectByType](Object.FindFirstObjectByType.html)| Retrieves the
first active loaded object of Type type.  
[FindObjectsByType](Object.FindObjectsByType.html)| Retrieves a list of all
loaded objects of Type type.  
[Instantiate](Object.Instantiate.html)| Clones the object original and returns
the clone.  
[InstantiateAsync](Object.InstantiateAsync.html)| Captures a snapshot of the
original object (that must be related to some GameObject) and returns the
AsyncInstantiateOperation.  
  
### Operators

[bool](Object-operator_Object.html)| Does the object exist?  
---|---  
[operator !=](Object-operator_ne.html)| Compares if two objects refer to a
different object.  
[operator ==](Object-operator_eq.html)| Compares two object references to see
if they refer to the same object.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

