[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Application](Application.html).Unload

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void Unload();

### Description

Unloads the Unity Player.

Unity triggers an [Application.unloading](Application-unloading.html) event
and releases memory acquired by the Unity Player while keeping the current
process alive. The amount of memory that is released depends on the platform.
This is useful when Unity is integrated into another application (see [Unity
as a Library](../Manual/UnityasaLibrary.html) as its component (for example,
to display 2D/3D/AR content). When the application doesn't need content
displayed by Unity anymore, you can release the associated memory by calling
this method.  
  
This is currently supported on iOS, Android, and the Universal Windows
Platform. On the Web platform, use the `unityInstance.Quit()` JavaScript
function to shut down Unity content on a web page.  
  
On iOS and Android, Unload releases memory used by Scenes and GameObjects, but
reserves some memory which is necessary for running Unity in the same process
again. To learn more, see documentation on Unity as a Library for
[iOS](../Manual/UnityasaLibrary-iOS.html) and
[Android](../Manual/UnityasaLibrary-Android.html).  
  
On the Universal Windows Platform, unloads the Unity runtime and release all
engine memory. This is similar to quitting, except that the application
process doesn't exit.  
  
**Note:** This function does not return.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    // Unload Unity when the user clicks the button. Exit is not applied to the application.  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void OnGUI()
        {
            if ([GUI.Button](GUI.Button.html)(new [Rect](Rect.html)(10, 10, 200, 75), "Unload"))
                [Application.Unload](Application.Unload.html)();
        }  
      
        static void OnUnload()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Unloading the Player");
        }  
      
        [RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethod]
        static void RunOnStart()
        {
            [Application.unloading](Application-unloading.html) += OnUnload;
        }
    }
    

Additional resources: [Application.unloading](Application-unloading.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

