[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Application](Application.html).wantsToQuit

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Unity raises this event when the Player application wants to quit.

Add an event handler to this event to receive a notification that application
is attempting to quit.  
  
When this event is raised the quit process has started but can be cancelled.
This means the player is not guaranteed to quit. For a guaranteed quit event
take a look at [Application.quitting](Application-quitting.html).  
  
Returns true and the quit process continues. Returns false and the quit
process cancels.  
  
**Note** : The return value of this event is ignored when exiting Play mode in
the Editor.  
  
**Important** : The return value has no effect on iOS or iPadOS. The
`Application._wantsToQuit` can't prevent termination in iOS or iPadOS.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class PlayerWantsToQuitExample
    {
        static bool WantsToQuit()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Player prevented from quitting.");
            return false;
        }  
      
        [RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethod]
        static void RunOnStart()
        {
            [Application.wantsToQuit](Application-wantsToQuit.html) += WantsToQuit;
        }
    }
    

Additional resources: [Application.quitting](Application-quitting.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

