[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [AssetDatabase](AssetDatabase.html).MakeEditable

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static bool MakeEditable(string path);

### Parameters

path | Specifies the path to a file relative to the project root.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**bool** `true` if Unity successfully made the file editable in the version
control system. Otherwise, returns `false`.

### Description

Makes a file open for editing in version control.

Your version control system may be configured to only allow a single person at
a time to edit certain types of files in order to avoid merge conflicts that
arise when multiple people edit the same file. In this case, you must 'open'
that file for editing (also known as 'checking out') to ensure that you have
permission to edit the file at this time. Use this function to make a file
'open for editing' in a version control system that supports it.  
  
File paths that are outside of Unity project folder, or not under version
controlled folders (for example, "Library" or "Temp"), are always considered
editable. `MakeEditable` returns `true` for them, and otherwise does nothing.  
  
File paths that refer to non-local Package folders are always considered to be
non-editable. `MakeEditable` returns `false` for them.  
  
When no version control system is active, then file paths inside the project
are all considered already editable. `MakeEditable` returns `true` and
otherwise does nothing.  
  
When using a version control system, for example Perforce Helix,
`MakeEditable` triggers a "Checkout" operation on the files, unless they are
already editable. For files that were not added to version control yet,
`MakeEditable/` will add them to version control.  
  
If you set up a pre-checkout callback, Unity calls it as part of
`MakeEditable`. See
[PreCheckoutCallback](VersionControl.Provider.PreCheckoutCallback.html) for
more details.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);  
      
    public class ExampleScript : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Example/Checkout Selected [Asset](VersionControl.Asset.html)")]
        public static void MenuExample()
        {
            var path = [AssetDatabase.GetAssetPath](AssetDatabase.GetAssetPath.html)([Selection.activeObject](Selection-activeObject.html));
            var ok = [AssetDatabase.MakeEditable](AssetDatabase.MakeEditable.html)(path);
            if (!ok)
                [Debug.LogError](Debug.LogError.html)($"Could not make {path} editable");
        }
    }
    

Additional resources:
[AssetDatabase.IsOpenForEdit](AssetDatabase.IsOpenForEdit.html).

* * *

## Declaration

public static bool MakeEditable(string[] paths, string prompt, List<string>
outNotEditablePaths);

### Parameters

paths | Specifies an array of file paths relative to the project root.  
---|---  
prompt | Dialog prompt to show to the user, if a version control operation needs to be done. If `null` (default), no prompt is shown.  
outNotEditablePaths | Output list of file paths that could not be made editable.  
  
### Returns

**bool** `true` if Unity successfully made all files editable in the version
control system.

### Description

Makes a list of files open for editing in version control.

A multi-file variant of `MakeEditable`, that can also optionally show a prompt
to the user if a Checkout/Add version control operation needs to be done. If
the user cancels the dialog, Unity does not make the files editable. If the
Unity Editor is operating in batch mode, Unity does not show a dialog and acts
as if the user accepted the dialog prompt.  
  
If you pass an `outNotEditablePaths` List, this function fills it with file
paths that Unity could make editable.

    
    
    using System.Linq;
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);  
      
    public class ExampleScript : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Example/Checkout Selected Assets")]
        public static void MenuExample()
        {
            var guids = [Selection.assetGUIDs](Selection-assetGUIDs.html);
            var paths = guids.Select([AssetDatabase.GUIDToAssetPath](AssetDatabase.GUIDToAssetPath.html)).ToArray();
            var ok = [AssetDatabase.MakeEditable](AssetDatabase.MakeEditable.html)(paths, "These files need to be checked out");
            if (!ok)
                [Debug.LogError](Debug.LogError.html)("Could not make some files editable");
        }
    }
    

Additional resources:
[AssetDatabase.IsOpenForEdit](AssetDatabase.IsOpenForEdit.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

