[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [AssetImporter](AssetImporter.html).assetBundleVariant

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public string assetBundleVariant;

### Description

Get or set the AssetBundle variant.

This property has a value when the Asset is assigned to a specific variant of
an AssetBundle, and corresponds to the second dropdown of the AssetBundle
control found at the bottom of the Inspector. Its value is stored in the .meta
file for the Asset, and inside the [AssetDatabase](AssetDatabase.html).  
  
This property is not used when AssetBundles are being built programmatically
with the signature of
[BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles](BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles.html) that
accepts an array of [AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html) structures.  
  
Additional resources: [AssetImporter.assetBundleName](AssetImporter-
assetBundleName.html), [AssetBundleBuild.assetBundleVariant](AssetBundleBuild-
assetBundleVariant.html)

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

