[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [AssetBundle](AssetBundle.html).UnloadAllAssetBundles

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void UnloadAllAssetBundles(bool unloadAllObjects);

### Parameters

unloadAllObjects | Determines whether the current instances of objects loaded from AssetBundles will also be unloaded.  
---|---  
  
### Description

Unloads all currently loaded AssetBundles.

When `unloadAllObjects` is false, tracking data structures and any memory
buffers holding content of the AssetBundle will be freed. But any instances of
objects loaded from this bundle will remain intact.  
  
When `unloadAllObjects` is true, all objects that were loaded from the
currently loaded bundles will be destroyed as well. If there are GameObjects
in your Scene referencing those assets, the references to them will become
missing.  
  
In either case you won't be able to load any more objects from the currently
loaded bundles unless they are reloaded.  
  
**Note:** Passing a value of `false` for `unloadAllObjects` can cause
unexpected behavior in the Editor. For example, the [Mip Map
Streaming](../Manual/TextureStreaming.html) system might still reference
textures loaded from a bundle after exiting play mode. This means when the Mip
Map streaming system tries to update each texture's mipmaps, it can't access
the unloaded bundle and displays errors in the console. To avoid this, use
[conditional compilation](../Manual/platform-dependent-compilation.html) to
pass `true` in the Editor, and `false` in builds. See [AssetBundles
compression](../Manual/AssetBundles-Cache.html) for a description of the
different compression formats used and their impact on memory while loaded.  
  
Additional resources: [Unload](AssetBundle.Unload.html),
[UnloadAsync](AssetBundle.UnloadAsync.html), [Using AssetBundles
Natively](../Manual/AssetBundles-Native.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

