[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[AssetPostprocessor](AssetPostprocessor.html).OnPreprocessMaterialDescription(MaterialDescription,Material,
AnimationClip[])

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Parameters

description | A [MaterialDescription](AssetImporters.MaterialDescription.html) that describes the imported camera properties and animations.  
---|---  
material | The material generated by the Model Importer.  
animations | The animation clips generated by the Model Importer.  
  
### Description

Add this function to a subclass to recieve a notification when a new material
is created during the import of a ModelImporter.

Unity only calls this function if you set ModelImporter.materialImportMode to
ModelImporterMaterialImportMode.ImportViaMaterialDescription. This function
gives you control over material properties and animations during the model
import process. The MaterialDescription structure contains all the material
data from the imported file. You can use it to populate the material and
animation clips.

    
    
    using System.Collections.Generic;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEditor.AssetImporters;  
      
    public class CreateMaterialFromMaterialDescription : [AssetPostprocessor](AssetPostprocessor.html)
    {
        public void OnPreprocessMaterialDescription([MaterialDescription](AssetImporters.MaterialDescription.html) description, [Material](Material.html) material, [AnimationClip](AnimationClip.html)[] materialAnimation)
        {
            var shader = [Shader.Find](Shader.Find.html)("Standard");
            if (shader == null)
                return;
            material.shader = shader;  
      
            List<string> props = new List<string>();
            // list the properties of type [Vector4](Vector4.html) :
            description.GetVector4PropertyNames(props);
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)(props);  
      
            // Read a texture property from the material description.
            [TexturePropertyDescription](AssetImporters.TexturePropertyDescription.html) textureProperty;
            if (description.TryGetProperty("DiffuseColor", out textureProperty))
            {
                // Assign the texture to the material.
                material.SetTexture("_MainTex", textureProperty.texture);
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

