[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SpriteImportData

struct in UnityEditor.AssetImporters

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Struct that represents how [Sprite](Sprite.html) asset should be generated
when calling
[TextureGenerator.GenerateTexture](AssetImporters.TextureGenerator.GenerateTexture.html).

### Properties

[alignment](AssetImporters.SpriteImportData-alignment.html)| Pivot value
represented by SpriteAlignment.  
---|---  
[border](AssetImporters.SpriteImportData-border.html)| Border value for the
generated Sprite.  
[name](AssetImporters.SpriteImportData-name.html)| Name for the generated
Sprite.  
[outline](AssetImporters.SpriteImportData-outline.html)| Sprite Asset creation
uses this outline when it generates the Mesh for the Sprite. If this is not
given, SpriteImportData.tesselationDetail will be used to determine the mesh
detail.  
[pivot](AssetImporters.SpriteImportData-pivot.html)| Pivot value represented
in Vector2.  
[rect](AssetImporters.SpriteImportData-rect.html)| Position and size of the
Sprite in a given texture.  
[spriteID](AssetImporters.SpriteImportData-spriteID.html)| An identifier given
to a Sprite. Use this to identify which data was used to generate that Sprite.  
[tessellationDetail](AssetImporters.SpriteImportData-tessellationDetail.html)|
Controls mesh generation detail. This value will be ignored if
SpriteImportData.ouline is provided.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

