[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [AssetDatabase](AssetDatabase.html).OpenAsset

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static bool OpenAsset(int instanceID, int lineNumber = -1);

## Declaration

public static bool OpenAsset(int instanceID, int lineNumber, int
columnNumber);

## Declaration

public static bool OpenAsset([Object](Object.html) target, int lineNumber =
-1);

## Declaration

public static bool OpenAsset([Object](Object.html) target, int lineNumber, int
columnNumber);

### Description

Opens the asset with associated application.

Opens asset in an external editor, texture application or modelling tool
depending on what type of asset it is. If it is a text file, `lineNumber` and
`columnNumber` instructs the text editor to go to that line and column.
Returns true if asset opened successfully.

    
    
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class AssetDatabaseExamples : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("[AssetDatabase](AssetDatabase.html)/Manually Check Textures")]
        static void OpenAssetExample()
        {
            for (var i = 0; i < 10; i++)
            {
                var texturePath = [AssetDatabase.LoadMainAssetAtPath](AssetDatabase.LoadMainAssetAtPath.html)($"Assets/Textures/GroundTexture{i}.jpg");
                if(![EditorUtility.DisplayDialog](EditorUtility.DisplayDialog.html)($"Open next texture", $"Open GroundTexture{i}.jpg texture?", "Yes", "Cancel"))
                    break;
                [AssetDatabase.OpenAsset](AssetDatabase.OpenAsset.html)(texturePath);
            }
        }
    }

* * *

## Declaration

public static bool OpenAsset(Object[] objects);

### Description

Opens the asset(s) with associated application(s).

Opens asset in an external editor, texture application or modelling tool
depending on what type of asset it is. Returns true if all assets opened
successfully.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

