[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [AudioImporter](AudioImporter.html).GetOverrideSampleSettings

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public [AudioImporterSampleSettings](AudioImporterSampleSettings.html)
GetOverrideSampleSettings([BuildTargetGroup](BuildTargetGroup.html)
platformGroup);

## Declaration

public [AudioImporterSampleSettings](AudioImporterSampleSettings.html)
GetOverrideSampleSettings(string platform);

### Parameters

platformGroup | The platform for which to get the override settings.  
  
See [BuildTargetGroup](BuildTargetGroup.html) for the complete list of
options.  
---|---  
platform | The platform for which to get the override settings.  
  
See [BuildTargetGroup](BuildTargetGroup.html) for the complete list of options
and type the desired platform enum name in the form of a string.  
  
### Returns

**AudioImporterSampleSettings** The override sample settings for the given
platform.

### Description

Return the current override settings for the given platform.

If there is no override for the passed platform, a defaults translated
settings will be returned.  
  
The translated settings are what settings will be used by default for the
given platform. For example, on some platforms, the compressionFormat will be
different to capitalize on hardware decoders.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

