[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [AudioClip](AudioClip.html).GetData

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-AudioClip.html "Go to AudioClip Component
in the Manual")

## Declaration

public bool GetData(Span<float> data, int offsetSamples);

## Declaration

public bool GetData(float[] data, int offsetSamples);

### Description

Fills an array with sample data from the clip.

The sample data will contain float values within the range -1.0f to 1.0f. The
sample count is determined by the length of the Span or float array. Use the
offsetSamples parameter to start the read from a specific position in the
clip. If the read length from the offset is longer than the clip length, the
read will wrap around and read the remaining samples from the start of the
clip.  
  
With compressed audio files, the sample data can only be retrieved when the
_Load Type_ is set to _Decompress on Load_ in the [Audio
Clip](../Manual/class-AudioClip.html) importer. _GetData_ doesn't work with
streamed audio clips, including clips streamed from the disk and clips created
with _AudioClip.Create_ where the _stream_ parameter has been set to _true_.
If _GetData_ can't read the audio clip, the _data_ argument will contain
zeroes for all sample values, the console will log an error, and _GetData_
will return false.  
  
For best performance, the Span version is preferred as it does not require
allocating managed memory.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using Unity.Collections;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        // Read all the samples from the clip and halve the gain
        void Start()
        {
            [AudioSource](AudioSource.html) audioSource = GetComponent<[AudioSource](AudioSource.html)>();
            var numSamples = audioSource.clip.samples * audioSource.clip.channels;
            var samples = new NativeArray<float>(numSamples, [Allocator.Temp](Unity.Collections.Allocator.Temp.html));
            audioSource.clip.GetData(samples, 0);  
      
            for (int i = 0; i < samples.Length; ++i)
            {
                samples[i] = samples[i] * 0.5f;
            }  
      
            audioSource.clip.SetData(samples, 0);
        }
    }
    

**WebGL:** The sample data of audio clips is loaded asynchronously in the
WebGL platform. This makes it necessary to check the _loadState_ of an
AudioClip before reading the sample data.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using Unity.Collections;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class ExampleGetDataCoroutine : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            StartCoroutine(GetAudioData());
        }  
      
        IEnumerator GetAudioData()
        {
            [AudioSource](AudioSource.html) audioSource = GetComponent<[AudioSource](AudioSource.html)>();
            // Wait for sample data to be loaded
            while (audioSource.clip.loadState != [AudioDataLoadState.Loaded](AudioDataLoadState.Loaded.html))
            {
                yield return null;
            }  
      
            // Read all the samples from the clip and halve the gain
            var numSamples = audioSource.clip.samples * audioSource.clip.channels;
            var samples = new NativeArray<float>(numSamples, [Allocator.Temp](Unity.Collections.Allocator.Temp.html));
            audioSource.clip.GetData(samples, 0);  
      
            for (int i = 0; i < samples.Length; ++i)
            {
                samples[i] = samples[i] * 0.5f;
            }  
      
            audioSource.clip.SetData(samples, 0);
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

