[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [AudioImporter](AudioImporter.html).SetOverrideSampleSettings

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public bool
SetOverrideSampleSettings([BuildTargetGroup](BuildTargetGroup.html)
platformGroup, [AudioImporterSampleSettings](AudioImporterSampleSettings.html)
settings);

## Declaration

public bool SetOverrideSampleSettings(string platform,
[AudioImporterSampleSettings](AudioImporterSampleSettings.html) settings);

### Parameters

platformGroup | The platform which will have the sample settings overridden.  
  
See [BuildTargetGroup](BuildTargetGroup.html) for the complete list of
options.  
---|---  
platform | The platform which will have the sample settings overridden.  
  
See [BuildTargetGroup](BuildTargetGroup.html) for the complete list of options
and type the desired platform enum name in the form of a string.  
settings | The override settings for the given platform.  
  
### Returns

**bool** Returns true if the settings were successfully overriden. Some
setting overrides are not possible for the given platform, in which case false
is returned and the settings are not registered.

### Description

Sets the override sample settings for the given platform.

For certain target platforms, overriding the audio importer settings may be
beneficial for performance or other reasons. This function enables the
registration of override settings specific to a given platform.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

