[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# AudioSource

class in UnityEngine

/

Inherits from:[Behaviour](Behaviour.html)

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.AudioModule](UnityEngine.AudioModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-AudioSource.html "Go to AudioSource
Component in the Manual")

### Description

A representation of audio sources in 3D.

An AudioSource is attached to a [GameObject](GameObject.html) for playing back
sounds in a 3D environment. In order to play 3D sounds you also need to have a
[AudioListener](AudioListener.html). The audio listener is normally attached
to the camera you want to use. Whether sounds are played in 3D or 2D is
determined by [AudioImporter](AudioImporter.html) settings.  
  
You can play a single audio clip using [Play](AudioSource.Play.html),
[Pause](AudioSource.Pause.html) and [Stop](AudioSource.Stop.html). You can
also adjust its volume while playing using the [volume](AudioSource-
volume.html) property, or seek using [time](AudioSource-time.html). Multiple
sounds can be played on one AudioSource using
[PlayOneShot](AudioSource.PlayOneShot.html). You can play a clip at a static
position in 3D space using
[PlayClipAtPoint](AudioSource.PlayClipAtPoint.html).  
  
Additional resources: [AudioListener](AudioListener.html),
[AudioClip](AudioClip.html), [AudioSource component](../Manual/class-
AudioSource.html).

    
    
    //This script allows you to toggle music to play and stop.
    //Assign an [AudioSource](AudioSource.html) to a [GameObject](GameObject.html) and attach an Audio Clip in the Audio Source. Attach this script to the [GameObject](GameObject.html).  
      
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [AudioSource](AudioSource.html) m_MyAudioSource;  
      
        //Play the music
        bool m_Play;
        //Detect when you use the toggle, ensures music isn’t played multiple times
        bool m_ToggleChange;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            //Fetch the [AudioSource](AudioSource.html) from the [GameObject](GameObject.html)
            m_MyAudioSource = GetComponent<[AudioSource](AudioSource.html)>();
            //Ensure the toggle is set to true for the music to play at start-up
            m_Play = true;
        }  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            //Check to see if you just set the toggle to positive
            if (m_Play == true && m_ToggleChange == true)
            {
                //Play the audio you attach to the [AudioSource](AudioSource.html) component
                m_MyAudioSource.Play();
                //Ensure audio doesn’t play more than once
                m_ToggleChange = false;
            }
            //Check if you just set the toggle to false
            if (m_Play == false && m_ToggleChange == true)
            {
                //Stop the audio
                m_MyAudioSource.Stop();
                //Ensure audio doesn’t play more than once
                m_ToggleChange = false;
            }
        }  
      
        void OnGUI()
        {
            //[Switch](PlayerSettings.Switch.html) this toggle to activate and deactivate the parent [GameObject](GameObject.html)
            m_Play = [GUI.Toggle](GUI.Toggle.html)(new [Rect](Rect.html)(10, 10, 100, 30), m_Play, "Play Music");  
      
            //Detect if there is a change with the toggle
            if ([GUI.changed](GUI-changed.html))
            {
                //Change to true to show that there was just a change in the toggle state
                m_ToggleChange = true;
            }
        }
    }
    

### Properties

[bypassEffects](AudioSource-bypassEffects.html)| Bypass effects (Applied from
filter components or global listener filters).  
---|---  
[bypassListenerEffects](AudioSource-bypassListenerEffects.html)| When set,
global effects on the AudioListener doesn't apply to the audio signal
generated by the AudioSource. It also does'nt apply, if the AudioSource is
playing into a mixer group.  
[bypassReverbZones](AudioSource-bypassReverbZones.html)| When set, it doesn't
route the signal from an AudioSource into the global reverb associated with
reverb zones.  
[clip](AudioSource-clip.html)| The default AudioClip to play.  
[dopplerLevel](AudioSource-dopplerLevel.html)| Sets the Doppler scale for this
AudioSource.  
[gamepadSpeakerOutputType](AudioSource-gamepadSpeakerOutputType.html)| Gets or
sets the gamepad audio output type for this audio source.  
[ignoreListenerPause](AudioSource-ignoreListenerPause.html)| Allows
AudioSource to play even though AudioListener.pause is set to true. This is
useful for the menu element sounds or background music in pause menus.  
[ignoreListenerVolume](AudioSource-ignoreListenerVolume.html)| This makes the
audio source not take into account the volume of the audio listener.  
[isPlaying](AudioSource-isPlaying.html)| Returns whether the AudioSource is
currently playing an AudioResource(Read Only).  
[isVirtual](AudioSource-isVirtual.html)| True if all sounds played by the
AudioSource, such as main sound started by Play() or playOnAwake, and one-
shots are culled by the audio system.  
[loop](AudioSource-loop.html)| Checks if the audio clip is looping  
[maxDistance](AudioSource-maxDistance.html)| (Logarithmic rolloff) MaxDistance
is the distance a sound stops attenuating at.  
[minDistance](AudioSource-minDistance.html)| Within the Min distance the
AudioSource will cease to grow louder in volume.  
[mute](AudioSource-mute.html)| Un- / Mutes the AudioSource. Mute sets the
volume=0, Un-Mute restore the original volume.  
[outputAudioMixerGroup](AudioSource-outputAudioMixerGroup.html)| The target
group to which the AudioSource should route its signal.  
[panStereo](AudioSource-panStereo.html)| Pans a playing sound in a stereo way
(left or right). This only applies to sounds that are Mono or Stereo.  
[pitch](AudioSource-pitch.html)| The pitch of the audio source.  
[playOnAwake](AudioSource-playOnAwake.html)| If set to true, the audio source
will automatically start playing on awake.  
[priority](AudioSource-priority.html)| Sets the priority of the AudioSource.  
[resource](AudioSource-resource.html)| The default AudioResource to play.  
[reverbZoneMix](AudioSource-reverbZoneMix.html)| The amount by which the
signal from the AudioSource will be mixed into the global reverb associated
with the Reverb Zones.  
[rolloffMode](AudioSource-rolloffMode.html)| Sets/Gets how the AudioSource
attenuates over distance.  
[spatialBlend](AudioSource-spatialBlend.html)| Sets how much this AudioSource
is affected by 3D spatialisation calculations (attenuation, doppler etc). 0.0
makes the sound full 2D, 1.0 makes it full 3D.  
[spatialize](AudioSource-spatialize.html)| Enables or disables spatialization.  
[spatializePostEffects](AudioSource-spatializePostEffects.html)| Determines if
the spatializer effect is inserted before or after the effect filters.  
[spread](AudioSource-spread.html)| Sets the spread angle (in degrees) of a 3d
stereo or multichannel sound in speaker space.  
[time](AudioSource-time.html)| Playback position in seconds.  
[timeSamples](AudioSource-timeSamples.html)| Playback position in PCM samples.  
[velocityUpdateMode](AudioSource-velocityUpdateMode.html)| Whether the Audio
Source should be updated in the fixed or dynamic update.  
[volume](AudioSource-volume.html)| The volume of the audio source (0.0 to
1.0).  
  
### Public Methods

[DisableGamepadOutput](AudioSource.DisableGamepadOutput.html)| Disables audio
output to a gamepad for this audio source.  
---|---  
[GetAmbisonicDecoderFloat](AudioSource.GetAmbisonicDecoderFloat.html)| Reads a
user-defined parameter of a custom ambisonic decoder effect that is attached
to an AudioSource.  
[GetCustomCurve](AudioSource.GetCustomCurve.html)| Get the current custom
curve for the given AudioSourceCurveType.  
[GetOutputData](AudioSource.GetOutputData.html)| Provides a block of the
currently playing source's output data.  
[GetSpatializerFloat](AudioSource.GetSpatializerFloat.html)| Reads a user-
defined parameter of a custom spatializer effect that is attached to an
AudioSource.  
[GetSpectrumData](AudioSource.GetSpectrumData.html)| Provides the block of
audio frequencies (spectrum data) of the AudioSource that is currently
playing.  
[Pause](AudioSource.Pause.html)| Pauses playing the clip.  
[Play](AudioSource.Play.html)| Plays the clip.  
[PlayDelayed](AudioSource.PlayDelayed.html)| Plays the clip with a delay
specified in seconds. Users are advised to use this function instead of the
old Play(delay) function that took a delay specified in samples relative to a
reference rate of 44.1 kHz as an argument.  
[PlayOneShot](AudioSource.PlayOneShot.html)| Plays an AudioClip, and scales
the AudioSource volume by volumeScale.  
[PlayOnGamepad](AudioSource.PlayOnGamepad.html)| Enable playing of audio
source though a specfic gamepad.  
[PlayScheduled](AudioSource.PlayScheduled.html)| Plays the clip at a specific
time on the absolute time-line that AudioSettings.dspTime reads from.  
[SetAmbisonicDecoderFloat](AudioSource.SetAmbisonicDecoderFloat.html)| Sets a
user-defined parameter of a custom ambisonic decoder effect that is attached
to an AudioSource.  
[SetCustomCurve](AudioSource.SetCustomCurve.html)| Set the custom curve for
the given AudioSourceCurveType.  
[SetScheduledEndTime](AudioSource.SetScheduledEndTime.html)| Changes the time
at which a sound that has already been scheduled to play will end. Notice that
depending on the timing not all rescheduling requests can be fulfilled.  
[SetScheduledStartTime](AudioSource.SetScheduledStartTime.html)| Changes the
time at which a sound that has already been scheduled to play will start.  
[SetSpatializerFloat](AudioSource.SetSpatializerFloat.html)| Sets a user-
defined parameter of a custom spatializer effect that is attached to an
AudioSource.  
[Stop](AudioSource.Stop.html)| Stops playing the clip.  
[UnPause](AudioSource.UnPause.html)| Unpause the paused playback of this
AudioSource.  
  
### Static Methods

[GamepadSpeakerSupportsOutputType](AudioSource.GamepadSpeakerSupportsOutputType.html)|
Check if the platform supports an audio output type on gamepads.  
---|---  
[PlayClipAtPoint](AudioSource.PlayClipAtPoint.html)| Plays an AudioClip at a
given position in world space.  
  
### Inherited Members

### Properties

[enabled](Behaviour-enabled.html)| Enabled Behaviours are Updated, disabled
Behaviours are not.  
---|---  
[isActiveAndEnabled](Behaviour-isActiveAndEnabled.html)| Reports whether a
GameObject and its associated Behaviour is active and enabled.  
[gameObject](Component-gameObject.html)| The game object this component is
attached to. A component is always attached to a game object.  
[tag](Component-tag.html)| The tag of this game object.  
[transform](Component-transform.html)| The Transform attached to this
GameObject.  
[hideFlags](Object-hideFlags.html)| Should the object be hidden, saved with
the Scene or modifiable by the user?  
[name](Object-name.html)| The name of the object.  
  
### Public Methods

[BroadcastMessage](Component.BroadcastMessage.html)| Calls the method named
methodName on every MonoBehaviour in this game object or any of its children.  
---|---  
[CompareTag](Component.CompareTag.html)| Checks the GameObject's tag against
the defined tag.  
[GetComponent](Component.GetComponent.html)| Gets a reference to a component
of type T on the same GameObject as the component specified.  
[GetComponentInChildren](Component.GetComponentInChildren.html)| Gets a
reference to a component of type T on the same GameObject as the component
specified, or any child of the GameObject.  
[GetComponentIndex](Component.GetComponentIndex.html)| Gets the index of the
component on its parent GameObject.  
[GetComponentInParent](Component.GetComponentInParent.html)| Gets a reference
to a component of type T on the same GameObject as the component specified, or
any parent of the GameObject.  
[GetComponents](Component.GetComponents.html)| Gets references to all
components of type T on the same GameObject as the component specified.  
[GetComponentsInChildren](Component.GetComponentsInChildren.html)| Gets
references to all components of type T on the same GameObject as the component
specified, and any child of the GameObject.  
[GetComponentsInParent](Component.GetComponentsInParent.html)| Gets references
to all components of type T on the same GameObject as the component specified,
and any parent of the GameObject.  
[SendMessage](Component.SendMessage.html)| Calls the method named methodName
on every MonoBehaviour in this game object.  
[SendMessageUpwards](Component.SendMessageUpwards.html)| Calls the method
named methodName on every MonoBehaviour in this game object and on every
ancestor of the behaviour.  
[TryGetComponent](Component.TryGetComponent.html)| Gets the component of the
specified type, if it exists.  
[GetInstanceID](Object.GetInstanceID.html)| Gets the instance ID of the
object.  
[ToString](Object.ToString.html)| Returns the name of the object.  
  
### Static Methods

[Destroy](Object.Destroy.html)| Removes a GameObject, component or asset.  
---|---  
[DestroyImmediate](Object.DestroyImmediate.html)| Destroys the object obj
immediately. You are strongly recommended to use Destroy instead.  
[DontDestroyOnLoad](Object.DontDestroyOnLoad.html)| Do not destroy the target
Object when loading a new Scene.  
[FindAnyObjectByType](Object.FindAnyObjectByType.html)| Retrieves any active
loaded object of Type type.  
[FindFirstObjectByType](Object.FindFirstObjectByType.html)| Retrieves the
first active loaded object of Type type.  
[FindObjectsByType](Object.FindObjectsByType.html)| Retrieves a list of all
loaded objects of Type type.  
[Instantiate](Object.Instantiate.html)| Clones the object original and returns
the clone.  
[InstantiateAsync](Object.InstantiateAsync.html)| Captures a snapshot of the
original object (that must be related to some GameObject) and returns the
AsyncInstantiateOperation.  
  
### Operators

[bool](Object-operator_Object.html)| Does the object exist?  
---|---  
[operator !=](Object-operator_ne.html)| Compares if two objects refer to a
different object.  
[operator ==](Object-operator_eq.html)| Compares two object references to see
if they refer to the same object.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

