[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# PackedAssetInfo

struct in UnityEditor.Build.Reporting

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Contains information about a single packed Asset.

### Properties

[id](Build.Reporting.PackedAssetInfo-id.html)| The unique identifier of the
packed Asset.  
---|---  
[offset](Build.Reporting.PackedAssetInfo-offset.html)| The offset in a
PackedAssets file that indicates the beginning of the packed Asset.  
[packedSize](Build.Reporting.PackedAssetInfo-packedSize.html)| The size of the
packed Asset.  
[sourceAssetGUID](Build.Reporting.PackedAssetInfo-sourceAssetGUID.html)| The
Global Unique Identifier (GUID) of the source Asset that the build process
used to generate the packed Asset.  
[sourceAssetPath](Build.Reporting.PackedAssetInfo-sourceAssetPath.html)| The
file path to the source Asset that the build process used to generate the
package Asset, relative to the Project directory.  
[type](Build.Reporting.PackedAssetInfo-type.html)| The type of source Asset
that the build process used to generate the package Asset, such as image, Mesh
or audio types.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

