[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[OverrideTextureCompression](Build.OverrideTextureCompression.html).ForceFastCompressor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Import textures with fast, but lower quality, texture compression.

You can set
[EditorUserBuildSettings.overrideTextureCompression](EditorUserBuildSettings-
overrideTextureCompression.html) to `ForceFastCompressor` to import all
compressed textures with a faster (but possibly lower quality) texture
compression. This is the same as if all the textures had "Compressor Quality:
Fast" option set in their per-platform import settings.  
  
This setting is mostly useful for local development, to speed up texture
importing or a platform switch process. "Fast" compressor in particular only
affects the texture pixels: the compression artifacts are in some cases more
visible, but the import process can be up to 10 times faster.  
  
Additional resources:
[EditorUserBuildSettings.overrideTextureCompression](EditorUserBuildSettings-
overrideTextureCompression.html), [Texture Importer](../Manual/class-
TextureImporter.html), [command line
arguments](../Manual/CommandLineArguments.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

