[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[BuildPlayerContext](Build.BuildPlayerContext.html).AddAdditionalPathToStreamingAssets

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void AddAdditionalPathToStreamingAssets(string directoryOrFile, string
pathInStreamingAssets);

### Parameters

directoryOrFile | Path representing an existing file or directory. If the path doesn't exit, this function throws a FileNotFoundException.  
---|---  
pathInStreamingAssets | The path within the StreamingAssets folder at which to place the additional assets. If null, the file or directory is placed directly in the StreamingAssets folder.  
  
### Description

Add additional streaming assets to the built player data. For example, you can
include AssetBundles or other streaming assets without first putting them in
the project StreamingAssets folder.

You can add a single file or an entire directory.  
  
If a file or directory with the same destination path has already been added
to the BuildPlayerContext, then this function throws an ArgumentException.  
  
If a file or directory with the same destination path already exists in the
project, an exception is thrown later in the build process.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

