[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [BuildPipeline](BuildPipeline.html).BuildAssetBundles

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static [AssetBundleManifest](AssetBundleManifest.html)
BuildAssetBundles([BuildAssetBundlesParameters](BuildAssetBundlesParameters.html)
buildParameters);

### Parameters

buildOptions | Configuration of the build.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**AssetBundleManifest** The manifest summarizing all AssetBundles generated by
the build.

### Description

Build AssetBundles.

This signature of BuildAssetBundles is recommended and exposes the most
functionality. The other signatures, documented below, are retained for
backward compatibility and convenience.  
  
During the AssetBundle build process, classes that implement
[IProcessSceneWithReport](Build.IProcessSceneWithReport.html) will be called
as Scenes are processed. Similarly the way Shaders are built can be influenced
by implementing [IPreprocessShaders](Build.IPreprocessShaders.html) or
[IPreprocessComputeShaders](Build.IPreprocessComputeShaders.html).  
  
This function returns an [AssetBundleManifest](AssetBundleManifest.html)
instance that describes the bundles produced. If the build fails then the
function returns null or throws an exception. You can find details about what
went wrong in the exception message or in errors logged to the console. For
example, if you pass an invalid or non-existent path as the `outputPath`
parameter, the function throws an ArgumentException to indicate that the
supplied argument was invalid.  
  
Additional resources: [AssetBundles](../Manual/AssetBundlesIntro.html),
[EditorBuildSettings.UseParallelAssetBundleBuilding](EditorBuildSettings.UseParallelAssetBundleBuilding.html)

    
    
    using System.Collections.Generic;
    using System.IO;
    using System.Linq;
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);  
      
    public class BuildAssetBundlesExample
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Example/Build AssetBundles")]
        static void BuildBundles()
        {
            List<[AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html)> assetBundleDefinitionList = new();  
      
            // Define two asset bundles, populated based on file system structure  
      
            // The first bundle is all the scene files in the Scenes directory (non-recursive)
            {
                [AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html) ab = new();
                ab.assetBundleName = "Scenes";
                ab.assetNames = Directory.EnumerateFiles("Assets/" + ab.assetBundleName, "*.unity", SearchOption.TopDirectoryOnly).ToArray();
                assetBundleDefinitionList.Add(ab);
            }  
      
            // The second bundle is all the asset files found recursively in the Meshes directory
            {
                [AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html) ab = new();
                ab.assetBundleName = "Meshes";
                ab.assetNames = RecursiveGetAllAssetsInDirectory("Assets/" + ab.assetBundleName).ToArray();
                assetBundleDefinitionList.Add(ab);
            }  
      
            string outputPath = "MyBuild";  // Subfolder of the current project  
      
            if (![Directory.Exists](Windows.Directory.Exists.html)(outputPath))
                [Directory.CreateDirectory](Windows.Directory.CreateDirectory.html)(outputPath);  
      
            // Assemble all the input needed to perform the build in this structure.
            // The project's current build settings will be used because target and subtarget fields are not filled in
            [BuildAssetBundlesParameters](BuildAssetBundlesParameters.html) buildInput = new()
            {
                outputPath = outputPath,
                options = [BuildAssetBundleOptions.AssetBundleStripUnityVersion](BuildAssetBundleOptions.AssetBundleStripUnityVersion.html),
                bundleDefinitions = assetBundleDefinitionList.ToArray()
            };
            [AssetBundleManifest](AssetBundleManifest.html) manifest = [BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles](BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles.html)(buildInput);  
      
            // Look at the results
            if (manifest != null)
            {
                foreach (var bundleName in manifest.GetAllAssetBundles())
                {
                    string projectRelativePath = buildInput.outputPath + "/" + bundleName;
                    [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)($"Size of [AssetBundle](AssetBundle.html) {projectRelativePath} is {new FileInfo(projectRelativePath).[Length](UIElements.Length.html)}");
                }
            }
            else
            {
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Build failed, see Console and [Editor](Editor.html) log for details");
            }
        }  
      
        static List<string> RecursiveGetAllAssetsInDirectory(string path)
        {
            List<string> assets = new();
            foreach (var f in Directory.EnumerateFiles(path, "*", SearchOption.AllDirectories))
                if (Path.GetExtension(f) != ".meta" &&
                    Path.GetExtension(f) != ".cs" &&  // Scripts are not supported in AssetBundles
                    Path.GetExtension(f) != ".unity") // Scenes cannot be mixed with other file types in a bundle
                    assets.Add(f);  
      
            return assets;
        }
    }
    

In addition to the AssetBundle files, the build will produce several other
files:  
  
* The [AssetBundleManifest](AssetBundleManifest.html) is stored in a small AssetBundle that has the same name as the output folder, for example "MyBundleFolder". This is the same object that is returned from the BuildAssetBundles call, and the serialized form can be useful at runtime, for example to determine the expected hashes of the other AssetBundles.  
  
* The main ".manifest" file, which is a text format file. It has the same name as the output folder, but using ".manifest" as its extension (for example: "MyBundleFolder.manifest"). Assign the path to this manifest file to [BuildPlayerOptions.assetBundleManifestPath](BuildPlayerOptions-assetBundleManifestPath.html) before calling [BuildPipeline.BuildPlayer](BuildPipeline.BuildPlayer.html) to make sure that any types appearing in the AssetBundles are not stripped from the build. (See [Managed code stripping](../Manual/ManagedCodeStripping.html) for more information about code stripping.)  
  
* There is also a separate ".manifest" file written for each AssetBundle, based on the name of the AssetBundle.  
  
* Finally, the [BuildReport](Build.Reporting.BuildReport.html) for the build is written to "Library/LastBuild.buildreport". 
    
    
    using System.IO;
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);  
      
    public class BuildAssetBundlesOutputFileExample
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Example/[AssetBundle](AssetBundle.html) Output [File](Windows.File.html) Example")]
        static void BuildAndPrintOutputFiles()
        {
            var bundleDefinitions = new [AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html)[]
            {
                new [AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html)
                {
                    assetBundleName = "mybundle",
                    assetNames = new string[] { "Assets/Scenes/Scene1.unity" }
                }
            };  
      
            string buildOutputDirectory = "build";
            [Directory.CreateDirectory](Windows.Directory.CreateDirectory.html)(buildOutputDirectory);  
      
            [BuildAssetBundlesParameters](BuildAssetBundlesParameters.html) buildInput = new()
            {
                outputPath = buildOutputDirectory,
                bundleDefinitions = bundleDefinitions
            };  
      
            [AssetBundleManifest](AssetBundleManifest.html) manifest = [BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles](BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles.html)(buildInput);
            if (manifest != null)
            {
                var outputFiles = Directory.EnumerateFiles(buildOutputDirectory, "*", SearchOption.TopDirectoryOnly);  
      
                //Expected output (on Windows):
                //  Output of the build:
                //      build\build
                //      build\build.manifest
                //      build\mybundle
                //      build\mybundle.manifest
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Output of the build:\n\t" + string.Join("\n\t", outputFiles));
            }
        }
    }
    

* * *

## Declaration

public static [AssetBundleManifest](AssetBundleManifest.html)
BuildAssetBundles(string outputPath,
[BuildAssetBundleOptions](BuildAssetBundleOptions.html) assetBundleOptions,
[BuildTarget](BuildTarget.html) targetPlatform);

### Parameters

outputPath | Output path for the AssetBundles.  
---|---  
assetBundleOptions | AssetBundle building options.  
targetPlatform | Chosen target build platform.  
  
### Returns

**AssetBundleManifest** The manifest listing all AssetBundles included in this
build.

### Description

Build all AssetBundles.

Use this function to build AssetBundles based on the AssetBundle and Label
settings you have configured in the Editor. (See the Manual page about
[AssetBundles workflow](../Manual/AssetBundles-Workflow.html) for further
details.)  
  
Set `outputPath` to the folder within your project folder where you want to
save the built bundles (for example: "Assets/MyBundleFolder"). The folder is
not created automatically and the function simply fails if it doesn't already
exist.  
  
Use the optional `assetBundleOptions` argument to specify bundle build
options.  
  
The `targetPlatform` argument selects which deployment target (Windows
Standalone, Android, iOS, and so on) to build the bundles for. An AssetBundle
is only compatible with the specific platform that it was built for, so you
must produce different builds of a given bundle to use the assets on different
platforms.  
  
For new code, the signature of BuildAssetBundles accepting a
BuildAssetBundlesParameters structure is recommended instead of this one. To
match the behaviour of this signature leave the
[BuildAssetBundlesParameters.bundleDefinitions](BuildAssetBundlesParameters-
bundleDefinitions.html) field unassigned so that the Editor's AssetBundle
assignments are used.  
  
Additional resources:
[EditorUserBuildSettings.activeBuildTarget](EditorUserBuildSettings-
activeBuildTarget.html),
[AssetDatabase.GetAssetPathsFromAssetBundle](AssetDatabase.GetAssetPathsFromAssetBundle.html),
[AssetDatabase.GetImplicitAssetBundleName](AssetDatabase.GetImplicitAssetBundleName.html),
[AssetImporter.assetBundleName](AssetImporter-assetBundleName.html),
[AssetBundle](AssetBundle.html)

    
    
    // Create an [AssetBundle](AssetBundle.html) for Windows.
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using System.IO;  
      
    public class BuildAssetBundlesExample
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Example/Build [Asset](VersionControl.Asset.html) Bundles")]
        static void BuildABs()
        {
            // Put the bundles in a folder called "ABs" within the Assets folder.
            string outputPath = "Assets/ABs";
            [Directory.CreateDirectory](Windows.Directory.CreateDirectory.html)(outputPath);
            [BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles](BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles.html)(outputPath, [BuildAssetBundleOptions.None](BuildAssetBundleOptions.None.html), [BuildTarget.StandaloneWindows64](BuildTarget.StandaloneWindows64.html));
        }
    }
    

* * *

## Declaration

public static [AssetBundleManifest](AssetBundleManifest.html)
BuildAssetBundles(string outputPath, AssetBundleBuild[] builds,
[BuildAssetBundleOptions](BuildAssetBundleOptions.html) assetBundleOptions,
[BuildTarget](BuildTarget.html) targetPlatform);

### Parameters

outputPath | Output path for the AssetBundles.  
---|---  
builds | AssetBundle building map.  
assetBundleOptions | AssetBundle building options.  
targetPlatform | Target build platform.  
  
### Returns

**AssetBundleManifest** The manifest listing all AssetBundles included in this
build.

### Description

Build AssetBundles from a building map.

This signature of BuildAssetBundles lets you specify the names and contents of
the bundles programmatically, using a "build map" rather than with the details
set in the editor. The map is simply an array of
[AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html) objects, each of which contains a
bundle name and a list of the names of asset files to be added to the named
bundle.  
  
For new code, the signature of BuildAssetBundles accepting a
BuildAssetBundlesParameters structure is recommended instead of this one. When
using that signature the build map is assigned to
[BuildAssetBundlesParameters.bundleDefinitions](BuildAssetBundlesParameters-
bundleDefinitions.html).

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using System.IO;  
      
    public class BuildAssetBundlesBuildMapExample
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Example/Build AssetBundles with Build Map")]
        static void BuildMapABs()
        {
            // Create the array of bundle build details.
            [AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html)[] bundleDefinitions = new [AssetBundleBuild](AssetBundleBuild.html)[2];  
      
            bundleDefinitions[0].assetBundleName = "enemybundle";
            bundleDefinitions[0].assetNames = new string[]
            {
                "Assets/Textures/char_enemy_alienShip.jpg",
                "Assets/Textures/char_enemy_alienShip-damaged.jpg"
            };  
      
            bundleDefinitions[1].assetBundleName = "herobundle";
            bundleDefinitions[1].assetNames = new string[]
            {
                "Assets/char_hero_beanMan.prefab"
            };  
      
            string outputPath = "Assets/ABs";
            [Directory.CreateDirectory](Windows.Directory.CreateDirectory.html)(outputPath);
            [BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles](BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles.html)(outputPath, bundleDefinitions, [BuildAssetBundleOptions.None](BuildAssetBundleOptions.None.html), [BuildTarget.StandaloneWindows64](BuildTarget.StandaloneWindows64.html));
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

