[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [IPreprocessShaders](Build.IPreprocessShaders.html).OnProcessShader

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void OnProcessShader([Shader](Shader.html) shader,
[Rendering.ShaderSnippetData](Rendering.ShaderSnippetData.html) snippet,
IList<ShaderCompilerData> data);

### Parameters

shader | The shader that Unity is about to compile.  
---|---  
snippet | Details about the specific shader code being compiled.  
data | List of variants that Unity is about to compile for the shader.  
  
### Description

Implement this interface to receive a callback before a shader snippet is
compiled.

When you build your application, Unity compiles each shader source file into
multiple [shader variants](../Manual/shader-variants.html). Unity creates
variants for some or all of the possible combinations of keywords you define
in the shader source file.  
  
You can use `OnProcessShader` to iterate through each shader and variant Unity
is about to compile, and exclude ('strip') variants that use keywords or
keyword combinations you don't need. If you strip variants, you can greatly
reduce build size, build times, and how much runtime memory Unity uses.  
  
For example you can use `OnProcessShader` to remove variants that use the
following:

  * Keywords that aren't needed for the current target platform.
  * Combinations of keywords that are never used.
  * Keywords you only use in your debug builds.

Unity invokes the `OnProcessShader` callback in both Player and AssetBundle
builds.  
  
You can [check what shader variants you have in your
project](../Manual/shader-how-many-variants.html) to help you identify
keywords and variants to strip.  
  
For example if you [declare a keyword](../Manual/SL-
MultipleProgramVariants.html) called `DEBUG` in your shader code using
`#pragma multi_compile _ DEBUG`, the following [Editor
script](../Manual/SpecialFolders.html) finds and strips shader variants that
use the keyword.  
  
The script does the following when you build your application:

  1. Creates a class that implements the `IPreprocessShaders` interface.
  2. Creates an instance of `ShaderKeyword` with the name of the keyword.
  3. Implements the `OnProcessShader` callback function and iterates over the `data` list, which contains every variant in the shader.
  4. Uses `data.shaderKeywordSet.IsEnabled()` to check if each variant uses the keyword.
  5. Uses `data.removeAt()` to strip a shader variant if it contains the keyword and you've disabled **Development build** in [Build Settings](../Manual/BuildSettings.html).

    
    
    using System.Collections.Generic;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Rendering;
    using UnityEditor.Build;
    using UnityEditor.Rendering;  
      
    class ShaderDebugBuildPreprocessor : [IPreprocessShaders](Build.IPreprocessShaders.html)
    {
        [ShaderKeyword](Rendering.ShaderKeyword.html) m_KeywordToStrip;  
      
        public ShaderDebugBuildPreprocessor()
        {
            m_KeywordToStrip = new [ShaderKeyword](Rendering.ShaderKeyword.html)("DEBUG");
        }  
      
        // Use callbackOrder to set when Unity calls this shader preprocessor. Unity starts with the preprocessor that has the lowest callbackOrder value.
        public int callbackOrder { get { return 0; } }  
      
        public void OnProcessShader(
            [Shader](Shader.html) shader, [ShaderSnippetData](Rendering.ShaderSnippetData.html) snippet, IList<[ShaderCompilerData](Rendering.ShaderCompilerData.html)> data)
            {  
      
            for (int i = 0; i < data.Count; ++i)
            {
                if (data[i].shaderKeywordSet.IsEnabled(m_KeywordToStrip) && ![EditorUserBuildSettings.development](EditorUserBuildSettings-development.html))
                {
                    var foundKeywordSet = string.Join(" ", data[i].shaderKeywordSet.GetShaderKeywords()); 
                    [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Found keyword DEBUG in variant " + i + " of shader " + shader);
                    [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Keyword set: " + foundKeywordSet);
                    data.RemoveAt(i);
                    --i;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

You can also find local keywords. You must create the `ShaderKeyword` instance
inside the implementation of `OnProcessShader`, so you can use the callback's
`shader` variable in the `ShaderKeyword` constructor.  
  
For example if you declare a local keyword called `RED` in your shader code
using `#pragma multi_compile_local _ RED`, the following script finds and
strips shader variants that use the keyword.

    
    
    using System.Collections.Generic;
    using UnityEditor.Build;
    using UnityEditor.Rendering;
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Rendering;  
      
    class MyCustomBuildProcessor : [IPreprocessShaders](Build.IPreprocessShaders.html)
    {  
      
        public int callbackOrder { get { return 0; } }   
      
        public void OnProcessShader([Shader](Shader.html) shader, [ShaderSnippetData](Rendering.ShaderSnippetData.html) snippet, IList<[ShaderCompilerData](Rendering.ShaderCompilerData.html)> data)
        {
            
            // Create an instance of [ShaderKeyword](Rendering.ShaderKeyword.html) using the constructor that takes a [Shader](Shader.html) argument
            [ShaderKeyword](Rendering.ShaderKeyword.html) localKeywordToStrip = new [ShaderKeyword](Rendering.ShaderKeyword.html)(shader, "RED");  
      
            for (int i = 0; i < data.Count; ++i)
            {
                if (data[i].shaderKeywordSet.IsEnabled(localKeywordToStrip))
                {
                    data.RemoveAt(i);
                    --i;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

If you strip a variant that a Material needs at runtime, Unity chooses an
available shader variant that matches as closely as possible.  
  
Find out about other ways you can [strip shader variants](../Manual/shader-
variant-stripping.html).  
  
Additional resources:
[BuildPipeline.BuildPlayer](BuildPipeline.BuildPlayer.html),
[BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles](BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles.html),
[IPreprocessComputeShaders](Build.IPreprocessComputeShaders.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

