[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [BuoyancyEffector2D](BuoyancyEffector2D.html).density

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public float density;

### Description

The density of the fluid used to calculate the buoyancy forces.

Buoyancy forces are calculated by comparing the density of the effector to the
[Collider2D.density](Collider2D-density.html) of the
[Collider2D](Collider2D.html). If the collider is less dense than the effector
then the collider will float i.e. become more buoyant. If the collider is more
dense than the effector then the collider will sink i.e. become less buoyant.
If the collider is equally dense as the effector then there is no buoyancy
forces applied and the collider will neither float or sink.  
  
Note that the [Collider2D.density](Collider2D-density.html) can only be set
when [Rigidbody2D.useAutoMass](Rigidbody2D-useAutoMass.html) is true. This
provides the ability to fine-tune the collider density versus the effector
density. If this is not required then
[Rigidbody2D.useAutoMass](Rigidbody2D-useAutoMass.html) can be set to false in
which case the [Collider2D.density](Collider2D-density.html) is fixed at 1
therefore an effector density more than this will cause the collider to float
whereas an effector density less than this will cause the collider to sink.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

