[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [BuoyancyEffector2D](BuoyancyEffector2D.html).surfaceLevel

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public float surfaceLevel;

### Description

Defines an arbitrary horizontal line that represents the fluid surface level.

The [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) used by the effector only defines the
overall area of effect for the buoyancy forces, but not the actual surface
level of the fluid. Any 2D colliders that overlap this area of effect are then
tested against the surface level. The surface level is a line which is used to
determine if the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) is submerged, not submerged or
partially submerged. Anything below this line is submerged, anything above
this line isn't submerged and anything overlapping this line is partially
submerged.  
  
The surface level is defined as a line that extends to infinity along the
X-axis and can be configured to by in any position along the Y-axis i.e the
surface can be increased or decreased along the Y-axis. In effect, the surface
can be raised or lowered to produce filling or draining fluid effects or
simply left at a fixed position.  
  
Typical usage is to use a single effector and associated
[Collider2D](Collider2D.html), most likely a
[BoxCollider2D](BoxCollider2D.html) however you are not limited to this and
can use any number or type of [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) to define the
potential buoyancy area(s) but again, the actual surface level is defined by
this property.  
  
Rotating the [GameObject](GameObject.html) will not cause the surface level to
rotate as it is defined as a world-space line. This greatly simplifies the
intersection calculations and keeps performance high.  
  
The surface level scales with [Transform](Transform.html) scale in the Y-axis
so you can set the surface level relative to effector colliders and it will
keep its relative position when scaling.  
  
Additional resources: ::Collider2D::usedByEffector.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

