[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [CacheServer](CacheServer.html).UploadShaderCache

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void UploadShaderCache();

### Description

Uploads the contents of the Shader Cache directly to the Accelerator.

Use this method to upload the entries of the Shader Cache Accelerator in an
asynchronous way. This API can be used when an already imported project is
opened with Unity but was not previously imported using the Accelerator. The
Shader Cache is located inside the Library/ShaderCache folder. As the Shader
cache is currently managed outside of the AssetDatabase, a separate call is
needed to request that the contents of the Shader cache are upload. **NOTE:**
The corresponding command line argument for this is
-cacheServerUploadExistingShaderCache and will queue up the uploading of
entries in the Shader Cache which are not found on the Accelerator.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);  
      
    public class CacheServerExamples
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("[CacheServer](CacheServer.html)/UploadShaderCacheToCacheServer")]
        public static void UploadShaderCacheToCacheServer()
        {
            //This will upload the contents of the [Shader](Shader.html) [Cache](Cache.html) to the Accelerator
            [CacheServer.UploadShaderCache](CacheServer.UploadShaderCache.html)();
        }  
      
    }

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

