[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# CharacterInfo

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule](UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Specification for how to render a character from the font texture. See
[Font.characterInfo](Font-characterInfo.html).

Additional resources: Example at
[Font.RequestCharactersInTexture](Font.RequestCharactersInTexture.html).

### Properties

[advance](CharacterInfo-advance.html)| The horizontal distance, rounded to the
nearest integer, from the origin of this character to the origin of the next
character.  
---|---  
[bearing](CharacterInfo-bearing.html)| The horizontal distance from the origin
of this glyph to the begining of the glyph image.  
[glyphHeight](CharacterInfo-glyphHeight.html)| The height of the glyph image.  
[glyphWidth](CharacterInfo-glyphWidth.html)| The width of the glyph image.  
[index](CharacterInfo-index.html)| Unicode value of the character.  
[maxX](CharacterInfo-maxX.html)| The maximum extend of the glyph image in the
x-axis.  
[maxY](CharacterInfo-maxY.html)| The maximum extend of the glyph image in the
y-axis.  
[minX](CharacterInfo-minX.html)| The minium extend of the glyph image in the
x-axis.  
[minY](CharacterInfo-minY.html)| The minimum extend of the glyph image in the
y-axis.  
[size](CharacterInfo-size.html)| The size of the character or 0 if it is the
default font size.  
[style](CharacterInfo-style.html)| The style of the character.  
[uvBottomLeft](CharacterInfo-uvBottomLeft.html)| The uv coordinate matching
the bottom left of the glyph image in the font texture.  
[uvBottomRight](CharacterInfo-uvBottomRight.html)| The uv coordinate matching
the bottom right of the glyph image in the font texture.  
[uvTopLeft](CharacterInfo-uvTopLeft.html)| The uv coordinate matching the top
left of the glyph image in the font texture.  
[uvTopRight](CharacterInfo-uvTopRight.html)| The uv coordinate matching the
top right of the glyph image in the font texture.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

