[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ClipboardUtility

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A class containing methods to assist with clipboard operations.

### Static Properties

[canCopyGameObject](ClipboardUtility-canCopyGameObject.html)| Optional
filtering functions invoked to determine if a GameObject can be copied before
any action is taken.  
---|---  
[canCutGameObject](ClipboardUtility-canCutGameObject.html)| Optional filtering
functions invoked to determine if a GameObject can be cut before any action is
taken.  
[canDuplicateGameObject](ClipboardUtility-canDuplicateGameObject.html)|
Optional filtering functions invoked to determine if a GameObject can be
duplicated before any action is taken.  
  
### Events

[copyingGameObjects](ClipboardUtility-copyingGameObjects.html)| Event
triggered before the selected GameObjects are copied to the clipboard.  
---|---  
[cuttingGameObjects](ClipboardUtility-cuttingGameObjects.html)| Event
triggered before the selected GameObjects are cut to the clipboard.  
[duplicatedGameObjects](ClipboardUtility-duplicatedGameObjects.html)| Event
triggered after GameObjects have been duplicated.  
[duplicatingGameObjects](ClipboardUtility-duplicatingGameObjects.html)| Event
triggered before GameObjects are about to be duplicated.  
[pastedGameObjects](ClipboardUtility-pastedGameObjects.html)| Event triggered
after GameObjects are pasted from the clipboard.  
[rejectedGameObjects](ClipboardUtility-rejectedGameObjects.html)| Event
triggered after the filtering process of canCopyGameObject, canCutGameObject
or canDuplicateGameObject receiving an array of GameObjects which did not pass
the filtering functions.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

