[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[ClothSkinningCoefficient](ClothSkinningCoefficient.html).collisionSphereDistance

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public float collisionSphereDistance;

### Description

Definition of a sphere a vertex is not allowed to enter. This allows collision
against the animated cloth.

The pair (collisionSphereRadius, collisionSphereDistance) define a sphere for
each cloth vertex. The sphere's center is located at the position
constrainPosition - constrainNormal * (collisionSphereRadius +
collisionSphereDistance) and its radius is collisionSphereRadius, where
constrainPosition and constrainNormal are the vertex positions and normals
generated by the SkinnedMeshRenderer. The Cloth makes sure that the cloth
vertex does not enter this sphere. As a typical usecase, set
collisionSphereDistance to zero and collisionSphereRadius to a large value
w.r.t. the triangle size. In this setup, the cloth collides against the
skinned mesh. Default: 0.0 Range: [0,inf).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

