[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Collider2D](Collider2D.html).Overlap

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public int Overlap([Vector2](Vector2.html) position, float angle,
List<Collider2D> results);

### Parameters

position | The position to overlap the Collider at.  
---|---  
angle | The angle to overlap the Collider at.  
results | The list to receive results.  
  
### Returns

**int** Returns the number of results placed in the `results` list.

### Description

Get a list of all Colliders that overlap this Collider.

The integer return value is the number of Colliders that overlap this Collider
with the specific Colliders stored in the supplied list. The results list will
be resized if it doesn't contain enough elements to report all the results.
This prevents memory from being allocated for results when the `results` list
does not need to be resized, and improves garbage collection performance when
the query is performed frequently.  
  
**NOTE** : The `position` and `angle` used here represent the position of the
[Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html) the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) is attached
to. If the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) is offset from the center of mass
then the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) will be overlapped at the same offset.
This can be confusing so it is recommened that only
[Collider2D](Collider2D.html) that align with the center of mass are used. If
not then you must take this into account. If the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html)
is not attached to a [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html), this call cannot be used
and will result in a warning.  
  
Additional resources:
[Physics2D.OverlapCollider](Physics2D.OverlapCollider.html) and
[Rigidbody2D.Overlap](Rigidbody2D.Overlap.html).

* * *

## Declaration

public int Overlap([Vector2](Vector2.html) position, float angle,
[ContactFilter2D](ContactFilter2D.html) contactFilter, List<Collider2D>
results);

### Parameters

position | The position to overlap the Collider at.  
---|---  
angle | The angle to overlap the Collider at.  
contactFilter | The contact filter used to filter the results differently, such as by layer mask, Z depth. Note that normal angle is not used for overlap testing.  
results | The list to receive results.  
  
### Returns

**int** Returns the number of results placed in the `results` list.

### Description

Get a list of all Colliders that overlap this Collider.

The integer return value is the number of Colliders that overlap this Collider
with the specific Colliders stored in the supplied list. The results list will
be resized if it doesn't contain enough elements to report all the results.
This prevents memory from being allocated for results when the `results` list
does not need to be resized, and improves garbage collection performance when
the query is performed frequently.  
  
**NOTE** : The `position` and `angle` used here represent the position of the
[Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html) the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) is attached
to. If the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) is offset from the center of mass
then the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html) will be overlapped at the same offset.
This can be confusing so it is recommened that only
[Collider2D](Collider2D.html) that align with the center of mass are used. If
not then you must take this into account. If the [Collider2D](Collider2D.html)
is not attached to a [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html), this call cannot be used
and will result in a warning.  
  
Additional resources:
[Physics2D.OverlapCollider](Physics2D.OverlapCollider.html) and
[Rigidbody2D.Overlap](Rigidbody2D.Overlap.html).

* * *

## Declaration

public int Overlap(List<Collider2D> results);

### Parameters

results | The list to receive results.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**int** Returns the number of results placed in the `results` list.

### Description

Get a list of all Colliders that overlap this Collider.

The integer return value is the number of Colliders that overlap this Collider
with the specific Colliders stored in the supplied list. The results list will
be resized if it doesn't contain enough elements to report all the results.
This prevents memory from being allocated for results when the `results` list
does not need to be resized, and improves garbage collection performance when
the query is performed frequently.  
  
Additional resources:
[Physics2D.OverlapCollider](Physics2D.OverlapCollider.html) and
[Rigidbody2D.Overlap](Rigidbody2D.Overlap.html).

* * *

## Declaration

public int Overlap([ContactFilter2D](ContactFilter2D.html) contactFilter,
List<Collider2D> results);

### Parameters

contactFilter | The contact filter used to filter the results differently, such as by layer mask, Z depth. Note that normal angle is not used for overlap testing.  
---|---  
results | The list to receive results.  
  
### Returns

**int** Returns the number of results placed in the `results` list.

### Description

Get a list of all Colliders that overlap this Collider.

The integer return value is the number of Colliders that overlap this Collider
with the specific Colliders stored in the supplied list. The results list will
be resized if it doesn't contain enough elements to report all the results.
This prevents memory from being allocated for results when the `results` list
does not need to be resized, and improves garbage collection performance when
the query is performed frequently.  
  
Additional resources:
[Physics2D.OverlapCollider](Physics2D.OverlapCollider.html) and
[Rigidbody2D.Overlap](Rigidbody2D.Overlap.html).

* * *

## Declaration

public int Overlap([ContactFilter2D](ContactFilter2D.html) contactFilter,
Collider2D[] results);

### Parameters

contactFilter | The contact filter used to filter the results differently, such as by layer mask, Z depth. Note that normal angle is not used for overlap testing.  
---|---  
results | The array to receive results. The size of the array determines the maximum number of results that can be returned.  
  
### Returns

**int** Returns the number of results placed in the `results` array.

### Description

Get a list of all colliders that overlap this collider.

The integer return value is the number of colliders that overlap this Collider
and which could be stored in the supplied array given its length. The results
array will not be resized if it doesn't contain enough elements to report all
the results. The significance of this is that no memory is allocated for the
results and so garbage collection performance is improved when the query is
performed frequently.  
  
Additional resources:
[Physics2D.OverlapCollider](Physics2D.OverlapCollider.html) and
[Rigidbody2D.Overlap](Rigidbody2D.Overlap.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

