[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [ComputeBuffer](ComputeBuffer.html).BeginWrite

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public NativeArray<T> BeginWrite(int computeBufferStartIndex, int count);

### Parameters

computeBufferStartIndex | Offset in number of elements to which the write operation will occur  
---|---  
count | Maximum number of elements which will be written  
  
### Returns

**NativeArray <T>** A NativeArray of size count

### Description

Begins a write operation to the buffer

Use this to begin a write operation on the buffer. Using this method results
in fewer memory copies than using
[ComputeBuffer.SetData](ComputeBuffer.SetData.html), and is therefore faster.
For compatibility reasons, you can only call this method on buffers where the
[ComputeBufferMode](ComputeBufferMode.html) is
[ComputeBufferMode.SubUpdates](ComputeBufferMode.SubUpdates.html). If you call
this method on a buffer with a different
[ComputeBufferMode](ComputeBufferMode.html), Unity will throw an exception.  
  
The returned native array points directly to GPU memory if possible. If it it
not possible to write directly to GPU memory, the returned native array points
to a temporary buffer in CPU memory. Whether it is possible to write directly
to GPU memory depends on many factors, including buffer mode, active graphics
device, and hardware support.  
  
Because of this, the contents of the returned array are not guaranteed to
reflect the data content of the GPU side buffer. You should therefore use the
returned array only for writing to, and not for reading from.  
  
When you have written to the array, call
[ComputeBuffer.EndWrite](ComputeBuffer.EndWrite.html) to complete the
operation and mark the returned NativeArray as unusable.  
  
The performance of this method will vary depending on whether it can write
directly to GPU memory or not, but it will always result in fewer memory
copies than using SetData.  
  
The data written to the returned native array must follow the data layout
rules of the graphics API in use. See [Compute Shaders](../Manual/class-
ComputeShader.html) for cross-platform compatibility information.  
  
Additional resources: [ComputeBuffer.SetData](ComputeBuffer.SetData.html),
[ComputeBuffer.EndWrite](ComputeBuffer.EndWrite.html)

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

