[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Component](Component.html).GetComponentsInChildren

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public T[] GetComponentsInChildren();

## Declaration

public T[] GetComponentsInChildren(bool includeInactive);

### Parameters

includeInactive | Whether to include inactive child GameObjects in the search.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**T[]** An array containing all matching components of type `T`.

### Description

Gets references to all components of type `T` on the same GameObject as the
component specified, and any child of the GameObject.

The typical usage for this method is to call it from a MonoBehaviour script
(which itself is a type of component), to find references to other Components
or MonoBehaviours attached to the same GameObject as that script, or its child
GameObjects. In this case you can call the method with no preceding object
specified. For example:  
  
`myResults = GetComponentsInChildren<ComponentType>()`  
  
You can also call this method on a reference to different component, which
might be attached to a different GameObject. In this case, the GameObject to
which that component is attached, and its children, are searched. For example:  
  
`myResults = otherComponent.GetComponentsInChildren<ComponentType>()`  
  
This method checks the GameObject on which it is called first, then recurses
downwards through all child GameObjects using a depth-first search, until it
finds a matching Component of the type `T` specified.  
  
Only active child GameObjects are included in the search, unless you call the
method with the `includeInactive` parameter set to `true`, in which case
inactive child GameObjects are also included. The GameObject on which the
method is called is always searched regardless of this parameter.  
  
To find components attached to other GameObjects, you need a [reference to
that other GameObject](../Manual/class-
GameObject.html#AccessingOtherGameObjects) (or any component attached to that
GameObject). You can then call `GetComponentsInChildren` on that reference.  
  
See the [Component](Component.html) and [GameObject](GameObject.html) class
reference pages for the other variations of the `GetComponent` family of
methods.  
  
The following example gets a reference to all hinge joint components on the
same GameObject as the script, or any of its children, and if found, sets a
property on those components.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class GetComponentsInChildrenExample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public [Component](Component.html)[] hingeJoints;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            hingeJoints = GetComponentsInChildren<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>();  
      
            foreach ([HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html) joint in hingeJoints)
                joint.useSpring = false;
        }
    }
    

Note: If the type you request is a derivative of MonoBehaviour and the
associated script can't be loaded then this function will return `null` for
that component.

* * *

## Declaration

public void GetComponentsInChildren(List<T> results);

## Declaration

public void GetComponentsInChildren(bool includeInactive, List<T> result);

### Parameters

result | A list to use for the returned results.  
---|---  
results | A list to use for the returned results.  
includeInactive | Whether to include inactive child GameObjects in the search.  
  
### Description

A variation of the GetComponentsInChildren method which allows you to supply
your own List to be filled with results.

This allows you to avoid allocating new List objects for each call to the
method. The list you supply is resized to match the number of results found,
and any existing values in the list are overritten.

* * *

## Declaration

public Component[] GetComponentsInChildren(Type t, bool includeInactive);

### Parameters

t | The type of component to search for.  
---|---  
includeInactive | Whether to include inactive child GameObjects in the search.  
  
### Returns

**Component[]** An array of all found components matching the specified type.

### Description

The non-generic version of this method.

This version of GetComponentsInChildren is not as efficient as the Generic
version (above), so you should only use it if necessary.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

