[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Component](Component.html).GetComponents

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public T[] GetComponents();

### Returns

**T[]** An array containing all matching components of type `T`.

### Description

Gets references to all components of type `T` on the same GameObject as the
component specified.

The typical usage for this method is to call it from a MonoBehaviour script
(which itself is a type of component), to find references to other Components
or MonoBehaviours attached to the same GameObject as that script. In this case
you can call the method with no preceding object specified. For example:  
  
`myResults = GetComponents<ComponentType>()`  
  
You can also call this method on a reference to different component, which
might be attached to a different GameObject. In this case, the GameObject to
which that component is attached is searched. For example:  
  
`myResults = otherComponent.GetComponents<ComponentType>()`  
  
To find components attached to a particular GameObject, you need a [reference
to that other GameObject](../Manual/class-
GameObject.html#AccessingOtherGameObjects) (or any component attached to that
GameObject). You can then call `GetComponents` on that reference.  
  
See the [Component](Component.html) and [GameObject](GameObject.html) class
reference pages for the other variations of the `GetComponent` family of
methods.  
  
The following example gets a reference to all hinge joint components on the
specified GameObject, and sets a property on each hinge joint component that
was found.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            [HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)[] hinges = GetComponents<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>();
            for (int i = 0; i < hinges.Length; i++)
            {
                hinges[i].useSpring = false;
            }
        }
    }
    

Note: If the type you request is a derivative of MonoBehaviour and the
associated script can't be loaded then this function will return `null` for
that component.

* * *

## Declaration

public void GetComponents(List<T> results);

### Parameters

results | A list to use for the returned results.  
---|---  
  
### Description

A variation of the GetComponents method which allows you to supply your own
List to be filled with results.

This allows you to avoid allocating new List objects for each call to the
method. The list you supply is resized to match the number of results found,
and any existing values in the list are overritten.

* * *

## Declaration

public Component[] GetComponents(Type type);

### Parameters

type | The type of component to search for.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**Component[]** An array containing all matching components of type `type`.

### Description

The non-generic version of this method.

This version of GetComponents is not as efficient as the Generic version
(above), so you should only use it if necessary.

* * *

## Declaration

public void GetComponents(Type type, List<Component> results);

### Parameters

type | The type of component to search for.  
---|---  
results | A list to use for the returned results.  
  
### Description

The non-generic version of this method which allows you to supply your own
List to be filled with results.

This version of GetComponents is not as efficient as the Generic version
(above), so you should only use it if necessary.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

