[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Compass

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.InputLegacyModule](UnityEngine.InputLegacyModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Interface into compass functionality.

### Properties

[enabled](Compass-enabled.html)| Use to enable or disable compass. Note, that
if you want Input.compass.trueHeading property to contain a valid value, you
must also enable location updates. To do this, call
Input.location.Start().Note: On the web platform, the compass is available
only with an HTTPS connection, except during development when you might use
http://localhost.  
---|---  
[headingAccuracy](Compass-headingAccuracy.html)| Accuracy of heading reading
in degrees.  
[magneticHeading](Compass-magneticHeading.html)| The heading in degrees
relative to the magnetic North Pole. (Read Only)  
[rawVector](Compass-rawVector.html)| The raw geomagnetic data measured in
microteslas. (Read Only)  
[timestamp](Compass-timestamp.html)| Indicates the time elapsed since the
compass heading was last updated. (Read Only)  
[trueHeading](Compass-trueHeading.html)| The heading in degrees relative to
the geographic North Pole. (Read Only)  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

