[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Component](Component.html).GetComponent

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public T GetComponent();

### Returns

**T** A reference to a component of the type `T` if one is found, otherwise
`null`.

### Description

Gets a reference to a component of type `T` on the same GameObject as the
component specified.

The typical usage for this method is to call it from a MonoBehaviour script
(which itself is a type of component), to find references to other Components
or MonoBehaviours attached to the same GameObject as that script. In this case
you can call the method with no preceding object specified. For example:  
  
`myResults = GetComponent<ComponentType>()`  
  
You can also call this method on a reference to different component, which
might be attached to a different GameObject. In this case, the GameObject to
which that component is attached is searched. For example:  
  
`myResults = otherComponent.GetComponent<ComponentType>()`  
  
Note: GetComponent returns only the first matching component found on the
GameObject on which it is called, and the order that the components are
checked is not defined. Therefore, if there are more than one of the specified
type that could match, and you need to find a specific one, you should use
[Component.GetComponents](Component.GetComponents.html) and check the list of
components returned to identify the one you want.  
  
To find components attached to other GameObjects, you need a [reference to
that other GameObject](../Manual/class-
GameObject.html#AccessingOtherGameObjects) (or any component attached to that
GameObject). You can then call `GetComponent` on that reference.  
  
See the [Component](Component.html) and [GameObject](GameObject.html) class
reference pages for the other variations of the `GetComponent` family of
methods.  
  
The following example gets a reference to a hinge joint component on the same
GameObject as the script, and if found, sets a property on that hinge joint
component.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class GetComponentExample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            [HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html) hinge = GetComponent<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>();  
      
            if (hinge != null)
            {
                hinge.useSpring = false;
            }
        }
    }

Note: If the type you request is a derivative of MonoBehaviour and the
associated script can't be loaded then this function will return `null` for
that component.

* * *

## Declaration

public [Component](Component.html) GetComponent(Type type);

### Parameters

type | The `type` of Component to retrieve.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**Component** A Component of the matching `type`, otherwise `null` if no
Component is found.

### Description

The non-generic version of this method.

This version of GetComponent is not as efficient as the Generic version
(above), so you should only use it if necessary.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class GetComponentExample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            [HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html) hinge = gameObject.GetComponent(typeof([HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html))) as [HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html);  
      
            if (hinge != null)
            {
                hinge.useSpring = false;
            }
        }
    }
    

* * *

## Declaration

public [Component](Component.html) GetComponent(string type);

### Parameters

type | The name of the `type` of Component to get.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**Component** A Component of the matching `type`, otherwise `null` if no
Component is found.

### Description

The string-based version of this method.

This version of GetComponent is not as efficient as the Generic version
(above), so you should only use it if necessary.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class GetComponentExample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            [HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html) hinge = GetComponent("[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)") as [HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html);  
      
            if (hinge != null)
            {
                hinge.useSpring = false;
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

