[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ControllerColliderHit

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.PhysicsModule](UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

ControllerColliderHit is used by CharacterController.OnControllerColliderHit
to give detailed information about the collision and how to deal with it.

### Properties

[collider](ControllerColliderHit-collider.html)| The collider that was hit by
the controller.  
---|---  
[controller](ControllerColliderHit-controller.html)| The controller that hit
the collider.  
[gameObject](ControllerColliderHit-gameObject.html)| The game object that was
hit by the controller.  
[moveDirection](ControllerColliderHit-moveDirection.html)| The direction the
CharacterController was moving in when the collision occured.  
[moveLength](ControllerColliderHit-moveLength.html)| How far the character has
travelled until it hit the collider.  
[normal](ControllerColliderHit-normal.html)| The normal of the surface we
collided with in world space.  
[point](ControllerColliderHit-point.html)| The impact point in world space.  
[rigidbody](ControllerColliderHit-rigidbody.html)| The rigidbody that was hit
by the controller.  
[transform](ControllerColliderHit-transform.html)| The transform that was hit
by the controller.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

