[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ConvertToPrefabInstanceSettings

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Settings controlling the behavior of
[PrefabUtility.ConvertToPrefabInstance](PrefabUtility.ConvertToPrefabInstance.html).

### Properties

[changeRootNameToAssetName](ConvertToPrefabInstanceSettings-
changeRootNameToAssetName.html)| Change the name of the root GameObject to
match the name of the Prefab Asset used when converting.  
---|---  
[componentsNotMatchedBecomesOverride](ConvertToPrefabInstanceSettings-
componentsNotMatchedBecomesOverride.html)| If a Component is not matched up
then it can become an added Component on the new Prefab instance. This
property is only used when used together with ObjectMatchMode.ByHierarchy.  
[gameObjectsNotMatchedBecomesOverride](ConvertToPrefabInstanceSettings-
gameObjectsNotMatchedBecomesOverride.html)| If a GameObject is not matched up
then it can become an added GameObject on the new Prefab instance. This
property is only used when used together with ObjectMatchMode.ByHierarchy.  
[logInfo](ConvertToPrefabInstanceSettings-logInfo.html)| Enables logging to
the console with information about which objects were matched when converting
a plain GameObject to a Prefab instance.  
[objectMatchMode](ConvertToPrefabInstanceSettings-objectMatchMode.html)| Use
this property to control how GameObjects and Components are matched up or not
when converting a plain GameObject to a Prefab instance.  
[recordPropertyOverridesOfMatches](ConvertToPrefabInstanceSettings-
recordPropertyOverridesOfMatches.html)| When a Component or GameObject is
matched with objects in the Prefab Asset then existing values can be recorded
as overrides on the new Prefab instance if this property is set to true.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

