[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# CullingGroupEvent

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Provides information about the current and previous states of one sphere in a
CullingGroup.

Additional resources: [CullingGroup.onStateChanged](CullingGroup-
onStateChanged.html).

### Properties

[currentDistance](CullingGroupEvent-currentDistance.html)| The current
distance band index of the sphere, after the most recent culling pass.  
---|---  
[hasBecomeInvisible](CullingGroupEvent-hasBecomeInvisible.html)| Did this
sphere change from being visible to being invisible in the most recent culling
pass?  
[hasBecomeVisible](CullingGroupEvent-hasBecomeVisible.html)| Did this sphere
change from being invisible to being visible in the most recent culling pass?  
[index](CullingGroupEvent-index.html)| The index of the sphere that has
changed.  
[isVisible](CullingGroupEvent-isVisible.html)| Was the sphere considered
visible by the most recent culling pass?  
[previousDistance](CullingGroupEvent-previousDistance.html)| The distance band
index of the sphere before the most recent culling pass.  
[wasVisible](CullingGroupEvent-wasVisible.html)| Was the sphere visible before
the most recent culling pass?  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

