[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# DefaultExecutionOrder

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Specifies the script execution order for a MonoBehaviour-derived class
relative to other MonoBehaviour-derived types.

The `DefaultExecutionOrder` attribute offers a way to specify the execution
order between different MonoBehaviour scripts from code, rather than through
the [Project settings](../Manual/comp-ManagerGroup.html) window in the Unity
Editor. For more information on script execution order and configuring it in
the Editor, refer to [Script Execution Order](../Manual/class-
MonoManager.html) in the Manual.  
  
This attribute targets classes, but it only has an effect on classes that
inherit from [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html).  
  
The integer value supplied as a parameter is equivalent to the integer values
set in the **Script Execution Order** section of the **Project settings**
window. The integer value assigned to a MonoBehaviour-derived type determines
the execution order priority for script components of that type relative to
the other MonoBehaviour scripts. Scripts are executed in order from lowest
first to highest last, for example: -200, -100, -50, 50, 100, 200.  
  
**Note** : Use this attribute with caution. Execution order defined in code
with `DefaultExecutionOrder` does not show in the **Script Execution Order**
section of the Editor's **Project settings**. If you define an execution order
for a MonoBehaviour-derived type in code with `DefaultExecutionOrder` but
define a different value for the same type in the Editor's **Project
settings** window, Unity uses the value defined in the Editor UI.  
  
See Also: [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    // Add this script to a [GameObject](GameObject.html)
    [[DefaultExecutionOrder](DefaultExecutionOrder.html)(50)]
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
    // This Start function will execute after the Start functions of any other [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html) scripts that
    // have an execution order < 50 and before any with an execution order > 50. If you define a different
    // execution order value for this ExampleClass in the [Editor](Editor.html)'s Script Execution Order settings, the
    // value defined in Script Execution Order settings is the one applied at runtime.
        void Start()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Execution order 50");
        }
    }
    

### Properties

[order](DefaultExecutionOrder-order.html)| Integer which defines the execution
priority order for a MonoBehaviour-derived class.  
---|---  
  
### Constructors

[DefaultExecutionOrder](DefaultExecutionOrder-ctor.html)| Sets the script
execution order for a MonoBehaviour-derived class to the value of the supplied
integer parameter.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

