[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# DetailPrototype

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.TerrainModule](UnityEngine.TerrainModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Detail prototype used by the Terrain GameObject.

### Properties

[alignToGround](DetailPrototype-alignToGround.html)| Rotate detail axis
parallel to the ground's normal direction, so that the detail is perpendicular
to the ground.  
---|---  
[density](DetailPrototype-density.html)| Controls detail density for this
detail prototype, relative to it's size.  
[dryColor](DetailPrototype-dryColor.html)| Color when the DetailPrototypes are
"dry".  
[healthyColor](DetailPrototype-healthyColor.html)| Color when the
DetailPrototypes are "healthy".  
[holeEdgePadding](DetailPrototype-holeEdgePadding.html)| Controls how far away
detail objects are from the edge of the hole area.  
[maxHeight](DetailPrototype-maxHeight.html)| Maximum height of the grass
billboards (if render mode is GrassBillboard).  
[maxWidth](DetailPrototype-maxWidth.html)| Maximum width of the grass
billboards (if render mode is GrassBillboard).  
[minHeight](DetailPrototype-minHeight.html)| Minimum height of the grass
billboards (if render mode is GrassBillboard).  
[minWidth](DetailPrototype-minWidth.html)| Minimum width of the grass
billboards (if render mode is GrassBillboard).  
[noiseSeed](DetailPrototype-noiseSeed.html)| Specifies the random seed value
for detail object placement.  
[noiseSpread](DetailPrototype-noiseSpread.html)| Controls the spatial
frequency of the noise pattern used to vary the scale and color of the detail
objects.  
[positionJitter](DetailPrototype-positionJitter.html)| Controls how Unity
generates the detail positions.  
[prototype](DetailPrototype-prototype.html)| GameObject used by the
DetailPrototype.  
[prototypeTexture](DetailPrototype-prototypeTexture.html)| Texture used by the
DetailPrototype.  
[renderMode](DetailPrototype-renderMode.html)| Render mode for the
DetailPrototype.  
[targetCoverage](DetailPrototype-targetCoverage.html)| Controls the detail's
target coverage.  
[useDensityScaling](DetailPrototype-useDensityScaling.html)| Indicates the
global density scale set in the terrain settings affects this detail
prototype.  
[useInstancing](DetailPrototype-useInstancing.html)| Indicates whether this
detail prototype uses GPU Instancing for rendering.  
[usePrototypeMesh](DetailPrototype-usePrototypeMesh.html)| Indicates whether
this detail prototype uses the Mesh object from the GameObject specified by
prototype.  
  
### Public Methods

[Validate](DetailPrototype.Validate.html)| Returns true if the detail
prototype is valid and the Terrain can accept it.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

