[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [DynamicGI](DynamicGI.html).UpdateEnvironment

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void UpdateEnvironment();

### Description

Schedules an update of the environment cubemap.

When you use this signature, Unity schedules an update of the environment
cubemap.  
Query [SystemInfo.supportsAsyncGPUReadback](SystemInfo-
supportsAsyncGPUReadback.html) to determine if the system currently running
Unity supports asynchronous readbacks. If the system supports these readbacks,
Unity reads back the environment cubemap while waiting for the lighting
result, but may lag one or more frames behind. You can schedule a limited
number of environment readbacks. If you schedule updates in incremements more
frequent than Unity can perform the readback, Unity silently ignores the
request.  
If the current system does not support asynchronous readbacks, environment
cubemap readback stalls the current thread, and Unity reads and processes each
face of the cubemap one by one. An alternative to environment cubemap updates
is to set the cubemap updates manually with
[DynamicGI.SetEnvironmentData](DynamicGI.SetEnvironmentData.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

