[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [EdgeCollider2D](EdgeCollider2D.html).adjacentStartPoint

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public [Vector2](Vector2.html) adjacentStartPoint;

### Description

Defines the position of a virtual point adjacent to the start point of the
EdgeCollider2D.

An EdgeCollider2D is made up of contiguous edges defined by a set of points
adjacent to each other. When a collision occurs with a point along the
Collider, Unity uses the two edges the point makes with its adjacent points to
form a collision normal, and calculate the collision response. This produces a
continuous edge chain and an uninterrupted collision surface.  
  
However, when a collision occurs with the start or end point of the Edge
Collider, Unity is unable to form a collision normal with a single edge and so
the collision normal becomes the direction of motion of the collision.  
  
This property defines a virtual point that is adjacent to the end point to
create a "virtual edge" from which Unity calculates and forms a collision
normal. This point is only used when
[useAdjacentStartPoint](EdgeCollider2D-useAdjacentStartPoint.html) it set to
true. The "virtual edge" formed cannot be collided with and only a collision
normal is used.  
  
An important and useful use case for this feature is to allow multiple
[EdgeCollider2D](EdgeCollider2D.html)s to connect together by specifying
[adjacentStartPoint](EdgeCollider2D-adjacentStartPoint.html) and
[adjacentEndPoint](EdgeCollider2D-adjacentEndPoint.html) that overlap the
points of other [EdgeCollider2D](EdgeCollider2D.html)s. This produces a
seamless transition for collisions when moving across multiple
[EdgeCollider2D](EdgeCollider2D.html)s.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

