[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[EditorUserBuildSettings](EditorUserBuildSettings.html).overrideMaxTextureSize

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static int overrideMaxTextureSize;

### Description

The override for the maximum texture size when importing assets.

This setting lets you override the maximum texture size in pixels that Unity
uses when it imports assets. This is mostly useful for local development, to
speed up texture importing or build target switching.  
  
This setting affects all textures in your project, and overrides the import
settings for individual textures. For example, if a texture's import settings
indicate a maximum size of 2048 pixels, but `overrideMaxTextureSize` is set to
512, the texture will be imported at a size of 512 x 512 pixels.  
  
Set this to a non-zero value to specify a maximum size that overrides
individual texture import settings. Set this to zero to tell Unity not to
apply an override, and to use the maximum size specified in individual texture
import settings.  
  
The Unity editor command line argument `-overrideMaxTextureSize` can also be
used to set this.  
  
Additional resources:
[EditorUserBuildSettings.overrideTextureCompression](EditorUserBuildSettings-
overrideTextureCompression.html), [Texture Importer](../Manual/class-
TextureImporter.html), [command line
arguments](../Manual/CommandLineArguments.html).

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using UnityEditor.Build;  
      
    public class ExampleScript : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Example/[Switch](PlayerSettings.Switch.html) textures to import with max 256 size")]
        public static void OverrideToMax256Size()
        {
            [EditorUserBuildSettings.overrideMaxTextureSize](EditorUserBuildSettings-overrideMaxTextureSize.html) = 256;
            [AssetDatabase.Refresh](AssetDatabase.Refresh.html)();
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

