[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [EditorSettings](EditorSettings.html).referencedClipsExactNaming

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static bool referencedClipsExactNaming;

### Description

Controls which referenced clips an humanoid rig is able to update when using
@convention files.

When referenced clips are present in the same directory as a Human rig asset,
an "Update referenced clips" button is available in the Inspector, under
"Rig".  
  
When this setting is true, the button will only be available if the rig asset
name matches the referenced clip names exactly. These are the referenced clips
that will get updated. For example if `player@walk` and `player@run` are
present in the same folder as `player` and `player2`, only `player` will
display the "Update referenced clips" button in the inspector.  
  
When this setting is set to false, the button is available for all rigs whose
asset names start with the referenced clip names. Prior to Unity 6, any of
these rigs were able to update the referenced clips. In the example above,
both the `player` and `player2` rig assets display the **Update referenced
clips** button in the Inspector window. From Unity 6, users can control the
behavior by changing the `ReferencedClipsExactNaming` setting.  
  
You can read more on referenced clips by looking at the [Importing animations
using multiple model files](../Manual/Splittinganimations.html) section of the
User Manual.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

