[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [EditorUtility](EditorUtility.html).SetDirty

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void SetDirty([Object](Object.html) target);

### Parameters

target | The object to mark as dirty.  
---|---  
  
### Description

Marks `target` object as dirty.

You can use [SetDirty](EditorUtility.SetDirty.html) when you want to modify an
object without creating an undo entry, but still ensure the change is
registered and not lost. If the object is part of a Scene, the Scene is marked
dirty. If the object may be part of a Prefab instance, you additionally need
to call
[PrefabUtility.RecordPrefabInstancePropertyModifications](PrefabUtility.RecordPrefabInstancePropertyModifications.html)
to ensure a Prefab override is created.  
  
If you do want to support undo, you should not call
[SetDirty](EditorUtility.SetDirty.html) but rather use
[Undo.RecordObject](Undo.RecordObject.html) prior to making changes to an
object, since this will both mark the object as dirty (or the object's Scene
if it is part of a Scene) and provide an undo entry in the editor. You should
still also call
[PrefabUtility.RecordPrefabInstancePropertyModifications](PrefabUtility.RecordPrefabInstancePropertyModifications.html)
if the object may be part of a Prefab instance.  
  
In the case of [ScriptableObject](ScriptableObject.html), call both
[SetDirty](EditorUtility.SetDirty.html) and
[Undo.RecordObject](Undo.RecordObject.html), if you want to register the
change and support undo.  
  
When you create editor UI for manipulating an object, such as a custom editor
to modify serialized properties on a component or asset, if possible, you
should use the [SerializedProperty](SerializedProperty.html) system using
[SerializedObject.FindProperty](SerializedObject.FindProperty.html),
[SerializedObject.Update](SerializedObject.Update.html),
[EditorGUILayout.PropertyField](EditorGUILayout.PropertyField.html), and
[SerializedObject.ApplyModifiedProperties](SerializedObject.ApplyModifiedProperties.html).
This will automatically mark the object as dirty, create an undo entry, and
ensure Prefab overrides are created if relevant.  
  
Additional resources: [GetDirtyCount](EditorUtility.GetDirtyCount.html),
[IsDirty](EditorUtility.IsDirty.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

