[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [EditorGUI](EditorGUI.html).LargeSplitButtonWithDropdownList

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static bool
LargeSplitButtonWithDropdownList([GUIContent](GUIContent.html) content,
string[] buttonNames,
[GenericMenu.MenuFunction2](GenericMenu.MenuFunction2.html) callback, bool
disableMainButton);

### Parameters

content | Text, image and tooltip the button displays.  
---|---  
buttonNames | The list of options in the dropdown menu.  
callback | The callback to fire when a dropdown menu item is selected.  
disableMainButton | Whether to disable the button. The default value is `false`.  
  
### Returns

**bool** `true` when the user clicks the button.

### Description

Creates a large button that contains a regular button section and an arrow to
open a dropdown menu.

When the user selects the button section the method returns true. When the
user selects the dropdown arrow a dropdown menu appears. When the user selects
an item in the dropdown menu, `callback` is fired with the selected menu item
as input.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

