[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# EditorGUILayout

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Auto laid out version of [EditorGUI](EditorGUI.html).

### Static Methods

[BeginBuildTargetSelectionGrouping](EditorGUILayout.BeginBuildTargetSelectionGrouping.html)|
Begin a build target grouping and get the selected BuildTargetGroup back.  
---|---  
[BeginFadeGroup](EditorGUILayout.BeginFadeGroup.html)| Begins a group that can
be be hidden/shown and the transition will be animated.  
[BeginFoldoutHeaderGroup](EditorGUILayout.BeginFoldoutHeaderGroup.html)| Make
a label with a foldout arrow to the left of it.  
[BeginHorizontal](EditorGUILayout.BeginHorizontal.html)| Begin a horizontal
group and get its rect back.  
[BeginScrollView](EditorGUILayout.BeginScrollView.html)| Begin an
automatically laid out scrollview.  
[BeginToggleGroup](EditorGUILayout.BeginToggleGroup.html)| Begin a vertical
group with a toggle to enable or disable all the controls within at once.  
[BeginVertical](EditorGUILayout.BeginVertical.html)| Begin a vertical group
and get its rect back.  
[BoundsField](EditorGUILayout.BoundsField.html)| Make Center & Extents field
for entering a Bounds.  
[BoundsIntField](EditorGUILayout.BoundsIntField.html)| Make Position & Size
field for entering a BoundsInt.  
[ColorField](EditorGUILayout.ColorField.html)| Make a field for selecting a
Color.  
[CurveField](EditorGUILayout.CurveField.html)| Make a field for editing an
AnimationCurve.  
[DelayedDoubleField](EditorGUILayout.DelayedDoubleField.html)| Make a delayed
text field for entering doubles.  
[DelayedFloatField](EditorGUILayout.DelayedFloatField.html)| Make a delayed
text field for entering floats.  
[DelayedIntField](EditorGUILayout.DelayedIntField.html)| Make a delayed text
field for entering integers.  
[DelayedTextField](EditorGUILayout.DelayedTextField.html)| Make a delayed text
field.  
[DoubleField](EditorGUILayout.DoubleField.html)| Make a text field for
entering double values.  
[DropdownButton](EditorGUILayout.DropdownButton.html)| Make a button that
reacts to mouse down, for displaying your own dropdown content.  
[EditorToolbar](EditorGUILayout.EditorToolbar.html)| Makes a toolbar populated
with the specified collection of editor tools.  
[EditorToolbarForTarget](EditorGUILayout.EditorToolbarForTarget.html)| Makes a
toolbar populated with the collection of editor tools that match the
EditorToolAttribute of the target object.  
[EndBuildTargetSelectionGrouping](EditorGUILayout.EndBuildTargetSelectionGrouping.html)|
Close a group started with BeginBuildTargetSelectionGrouping.  
[EndFadeGroup](EditorGUILayout.EndFadeGroup.html)| Closes a group started with
BeginFadeGroup.  
[EndFoldoutHeaderGroup](EditorGUILayout.EndFoldoutHeaderGroup.html)| Closes a
group started with BeginFoldoutHeaderGroup.  
[EndHorizontal](EditorGUILayout.EndHorizontal.html)| Close a group started
with BeginHorizontal.  
[EndScrollView](EditorGUILayout.EndScrollView.html)| Ends a scrollview started
with a call to BeginScrollView.  
[EndToggleGroup](EditorGUILayout.EndToggleGroup.html)| Close a group started
with BeginToggleGroup.  
[EndVertical](EditorGUILayout.EndVertical.html)| Close a group started with
BeginVertical.  
[EnumFlagsField](EditorGUILayout.EnumFlagsField.html)| Displays a menu with an
option for every value of the enum type when clicked.  
[EnumPopup](EditorGUILayout.EnumPopup.html)| Make an enum popup selection
field.  
[FloatField](EditorGUILayout.FloatField.html)| Make a text field for entering
float values.  
[Foldout](EditorGUILayout.Foldout.html)| Make a label with a foldout arrow to
the left of it.  
[GetControlRect](EditorGUILayout.GetControlRect.html)| Get a rect for an
Editor control.  
[GradientField](EditorGUILayout.GradientField.html)| Make a field for editing
a Gradient.  
[HelpBox](EditorGUILayout.HelpBox.html)| Make a help box with a message to the
user.  
[InspectorTitlebar](EditorGUILayout.InspectorTitlebar.html)| Make an
inspector-window-like titlebar.  
[IntField](EditorGUILayout.IntField.html)| Make a text field for entering
integers.  
[IntPopup](EditorGUILayout.IntPopup.html)| Make an integer popup selection
field.  
[IntSlider](EditorGUILayout.IntSlider.html)| Make a slider the user can drag
to change an integer value between a min and a max.  
[LabelField](EditorGUILayout.LabelField.html)| Make a label field. (Useful for
showing read-only info.)  
[LayerField](EditorGUILayout.LayerField.html)| Make a layer selection field.  
[LinkButton](EditorGUILayout.LinkButton.html)| Make a clickable link label.  
[LongField](EditorGUILayout.LongField.html)| Make a text field for entering
long integers.  
[MaskField](EditorGUILayout.MaskField.html)| Make a field for masks.  
[MinMaxSlider](EditorGUILayout.MinMaxSlider.html)| Make a special slider the
user can use to specify a range between a min and a max.  
[ObjectField](EditorGUILayout.ObjectField.html)| Make a field to receive any
object type.  
[PasswordField](EditorGUILayout.PasswordField.html)| Make a text field where
the user can enter a password.  
[Popup](EditorGUILayout.Popup.html)| Make a generic popup selection field.  
[PrefixLabel](EditorGUILayout.PrefixLabel.html)| Make a label in front of some
control.  
[PropertyField](EditorGUILayout.PropertyField.html)| Make a field for
SerializedProperty.  
[RectField](EditorGUILayout.RectField.html)| Make an X, Y, W & H field for
entering a Rect.  
[RectIntField](EditorGUILayout.RectIntField.html)| Make an X, Y, W & H field
for entering a RectInt.  
[RenderingLayerMaskField](EditorGUILayout.RenderingLayerMaskField.html)| Makes
a layer selection field.  
[SelectableLabel](EditorGUILayout.SelectableLabel.html)| Make a selectable
label field. (Useful for showing read-only info that can be copy-pasted.)  
[Slider](EditorGUILayout.Slider.html)| Make a slider the user can drag to
change a value between a min and a max.  
[Space](EditorGUILayout.Space.html)| Make a small space between the previous
control and the following.  
[TagField](EditorGUILayout.TagField.html)| Make a tag selection field.  
[TextArea](EditorGUILayout.TextArea.html)| Make a text area.  
[TextField](EditorGUILayout.TextField.html)| Make a text field.  
[Toggle](EditorGUILayout.Toggle.html)| Make a toggle.  
[ToggleLeft](EditorGUILayout.ToggleLeft.html)| Make a toggle field where the
toggle is to the left and the label immediately to the right of it.  
[ToolContextToolbar](EditorGUILayout.ToolContextToolbar.html)| Makes a toolbar
populated with the specified collection of editor tool contexts.  
[ToolContextToolbarForTarget](EditorGUILayout.ToolContextToolbarForTarget.html)|
Makes a toolbar populated with the collection of EditorToolContext that match
the EditorToolContextAttribute.targetType of the target object.  
[Vector2Field](EditorGUILayout.Vector2Field.html)| Make an X & Y field for
entering a Vector2.  
[Vector2IntField](EditorGUILayout.Vector2IntField.html)| Make an X & Y integer
field for entering a Vector2Int.  
[Vector3Field](EditorGUILayout.Vector3Field.html)| Make an X, Y & Z field for
entering a Vector3.  
[Vector3IntField](EditorGUILayout.Vector3IntField.html)| Make an X, Y & Z
integer field for entering a Vector3Int.  
[Vector4Field](EditorGUILayout.Vector4Field.html)| Make an X, Y, Z & W field
for entering a Vector4.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

