[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# EditorAnalyticsSessionInfo

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Provides access to Editor Analytics session information.

This class contains static methods for looking up session information
collected by the Editor Analytics system.

### Static Properties

[activeElapsedTime](EditorAnalyticsSessionInfo-activeElapsedTime.html)| The
total time, in milliseconds, that the user interacted with the Editor since
the beginning of the current session.  
---|---  
[elapsedTime](EditorAnalyticsSessionInfo-elapsedTime.html)| The length of the
current session, in milliseconds.  
[focusedElapsedTime](EditorAnalyticsSessionInfo-focusedElapsedTime.html)| The
total time, in milliseconds, that the Editor has been in focus during the
current session.  
[id](EditorAnalyticsSessionInfo-id.html)| A random, unique GUID identifying
the current Editor session.  
[playbackElapsedTime](EditorAnalyticsSessionInfo-playbackElapsedTime.html)|
The total time, in milliseconds, that the Editor has been in playmode during
the current session.  
[sessionCount](EditorAnalyticsSessionInfo-sessionCount.html)| The number of
Editor sessions that have occurred since the current instance of the Unity
Editor was installed.  
[userId](EditorAnalyticsSessionInfo-userId.html)| A random GUID uniquely
identifying an Editor installation.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

