[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Editor](Editor.html).hasUnsavedChanges

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public bool hasUnsavedChanges;

### Description

This property specifies whether the Editor prompts the user to save or discard
unsaved changes before the Inspector gets rebuilt.

Set hasUnsavedChanges to true to prompt the user to save or discard unsaved
changes. This helps prevent them from accidentally losing unsaved work. When
you use hasUnsavedChanges, you must also use
[EditorWindow.saveChangesMessage](EditorWindow-saveChangesMessage.html), and
override the [EditorWindow.SaveChanges](EditorWindow.SaveChanges.html) and/or
[EditorWindow.DiscardChanges](EditorWindow.DiscardChanges.html) methods. When
hasUnsavedChanges is enabled, the title bar and docked tabs update to indicate
that the user needs to save their work. If the user closes the
InspectorWindow, change selection or enters playmode without saving, a message
box appears, and prompts them to either save, discard their changes, or
cancel.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);  
      
    [CreateAssetMenu]
    public class UnsavedChangesExampleSO : [ScriptableObject](ScriptableObject.html)
    {}  
      
    [[CustomEditor](CustomEditor.html)(typeof(UnsavedChangesExampleSO))]
    public class UnsavedChangesExampleEditor : UnityEditor.Editor
    {
        void OnEnable()
        {
            saveChangesMessage = "This editor has unsaved changes. Would you like to save?";
        }  
      
        void OnInspectorGUI()
        {
            saveChangesMessage = [EditorGUILayout.TextField](EditorGUILayout.TextField.html)(saveChangesMessage);  
      
            [EditorGUILayout.LabelField](EditorGUILayout.LabelField.html)(hasUnsavedChanges ? "I have changes!" : "No changes.", [EditorStyles.wordWrappedLabel](EditorStyles-wordWrappedLabel.html));
            [EditorGUILayout.LabelField](EditorGUILayout.LabelField.html)("Try to change selection.");  
      
            using (new [EditorGUI.DisabledScope](EditorGUI.DisabledScope.html)(hasUnsavedChanges))
            {
                if ([GUILayout.Button](GUILayout.Button.html)("Create unsaved changes"))
                    hasUnsavedChanges = true;
            }  
      
            using (new [EditorGUI.DisabledScope](EditorGUI.DisabledScope.html)(!hasUnsavedChanges))
            {
                if ([GUILayout.Button](GUILayout.Button.html)("Save"))
                    SaveChanges();  
      
                if ([GUILayout.Button](GUILayout.Button.html)("Discard"))
                    DiscardChanges();
            }
        }  
      
        public override void SaveChanges()
        {
            // Your custom save procedures here  
      
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)($"{this} saved successfully!!!");
            base.SaveChanges();
        }  
      
        public override void DiscardChanges()
        {
            // Your custom procedures to discard changes  
      
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)($"{this} discarded changes!!!");
            base.DiscardChanges();
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

