[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Experimental** : this API is experimental and might be changed or removed in
the future.

# SpotLight

struct in UnityEngine.Experimental.GlobalIllumination

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A helper structure used to initialize a LightDataGI structure as a spot light.

### Properties

[angularFalloff](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-
angularFalloff.html)| The angular falloff model to use for baking the spot
light.  
---|---  
[color](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-color.html)| The direct
light color.  
[coneAngle](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-coneAngle.html)| The
outer angle for the spot light.  
[falloff](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-falloff.html)| The falloff
model to use for baking the spot light.  
[indirectColor](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-indirectColor.html)|
The indirect light color.  
[innerConeAngle](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-
innerConeAngle.html)| The inner angle for the spot light.  
[instanceID](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-instanceID.html)| The
light's instanceID.  
[mode](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-mode.html)| The lightmode.  
[orientation](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-orientation.html)| The
light's orientation.  
[position](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-position.html)| The
light's position.  
[range](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-range.html)| The light's
range.  
[shadow](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-shadow.html)| True if the
light casts shadows, otherwise False.  
[sphereRadius](Experimental.GlobalIllumination.SpotLight-sphereRadius.html)|
The light's sphere radius, influencing soft shadows.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

