[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Experimental** : this API is experimental and might be changed or removed in
the future.

# Attacher

class in UnityEditor.Experimental.GraphView

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Helper object that attaches a visual element next to its target, regarless of
their respective location in the visual tree hierarchy.

The Attacher will monitor the position of the target and move the attached
element accordingly.

### Properties

[alignment](Experimental.GraphView.Attacher-alignment.html)| Relative
alignment between the attached element and the target.  
---|---  
[distance](Experimental.GraphView.Attacher-distance.html)| The distance
between the attached element and the target.  
[element](Experimental.GraphView.Attacher-element.html)| The element that is
attached to the target element.  
[offset](Experimental.GraphView.Attacher-offset.html)| An absolute offset
added to the element position after placement.  
[target](Experimental.GraphView.Attacher-target.html)| The target element.  
  
### Constructors

[Attacher](Experimental.GraphView.Attacher-ctor.html)| Attaches a visual
element next to its target, regarless of their respective locations in the
visual tree hierarchy.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[Detach](Experimental.GraphView.Attacher.Detach.html)| Stop monitoring the
target element and postioning the attached element.  
---|---  
[Reattach](Experimental.GraphView.Attacher.Reattach.html)| Starts monitoring
target element position changes and places the attached element accordingly.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

