[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Experimental** : this API is experimental and might be changed or removed in
the future.

# ArtifactKey

struct in UnityEditor.Experimental

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

An ArtifactKey is used for specifying an artifact to lookup or produce.

One example of producing an artifact is to run and importer on a specific
asset. The importer is specified by type (e.g. typeof(MyImporter) and the
asset by its guid. From these two you can create an ArtifactKey and use it to
ask the assetdatabase to produce the artifact. You can also create an
ArtifactKey from only a guid. In that case the AssetDatabase will
automatically select the importer from the list of valid importers.

### Properties

[guid](Experimental.ArtifactKey-guid.html)| The guid specifying the asset in
question.  
---|---  
[importerType](Experimental.ArtifactKey-importerType.html)| The managed type
of the importer to use for producing the artifact.  
[isValid](Experimental.ArtifactKey-isValid.html)| Returns true is the hash
value is valid. (Read Only)  
  
### Constructors

[ArtifactKey](Experimental.ArtifactKey-ctor.html)| Construct an ArtifactKey.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

