[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Experimental** : this API is experimental and might be changed or removed in
the future.

# AudioSampleProvider

class in UnityEngine.Experimental.Audio

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.AudioModule](UnityEngine.AudioModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Provides access to the audio samples generated by Unity objects such as
VideoPlayer.

This class is meant to be usable outside the main thread and the
implementation assumes a single consumer at a time invoking
[AudioSampleProvider.ConsumeSampleFrames](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.ConsumeSampleFrames.html).
Audio data can be accessed both from C# and from C++, depending on what has to
be done with this data.  
  
The following is an example of how to access samples from C# using an accessor
obtained from the [VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html):

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using Unity.Collections;
    using UnityEngine.Experimental.Video;
    using UnityEngine.Experimental.Audio;
    using UnityEngine.Video;  
      
    public class ManagedAudioOutput : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [AudioSampleProvider](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.html) provider;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            [VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html) vp = GetComponent<[VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html)>();
            vp.audioOutputMode = [VideoAudioOutputMode.APIOnly](Video.VideoAudioOutputMode.APIOnly.html);
            vp.prepareCompleted += Prepared;
            vp.Prepare();
        }  
      
        void Prepared([VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html) vp)
        {
            provider = vp.GetAudioSampleProvider(0);
            provider.sampleFramesAvailable += SampleFramesAvailable;
            provider.enableSampleFramesAvailableEvents = true;
            provider.freeSampleFrameCountLowThreshold = provider.maxSampleFrameCount / 4;
            vp.Play();
        }  
      
        void SampleFramesAvailable([AudioSampleProvider](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.html) provider, uint sampleFrameCount)
        {
            using (NativeArray<float> buffer = new NativeArray<float>(
                           (int)sampleFrameCount * provider.channelCount, [Allocator.Temp](Unity.Collections.Allocator.Temp.html)))
            {
                var sfCount = provider.ConsumeSampleFrames(buffer);
                [Debug.LogFormat](Debug.LogFormat.html)("SetupSoftwareAudioOut.Available got {0} sample frames.", sfCount);
                // Do something with the samples here...
            }
        }
    }
    

The following is an example of how to access samples from C++. The setup has
to be done in C# and then Unity's core and the native plug-in can call into
each other without having to go through managed code.

    
    
    using [System](Rendering.VirtualTexturing.System.html);
    using System.Runtime.InteropServices;
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Experimental.Video;
    using UnityEngine.Experimental.Audio;
    using UnityEngine.Video;  
      
    public class NativeAudioOutput : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [AudioSampleProvider](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.html) provider;
        AudioSampleProvider.SampleFramesEventNativeFunction sampleFramesAvailableNativeHandler =
            SampleFramesAvailable;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            [VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html) vp = GetComponent<[VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html)>();
            vp.audioOutputMode = [VideoAudioOutputMode.APIOnly](Video.VideoAudioOutputMode.APIOnly.html);
            vp.prepareCompleted += Prepared;
            vp.Prepare();
        }  
      
        void Prepared([VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html) vp)
        {
            provider = vp.GetAudioSampleProvider(0);
            provider.freeSampleFrameCountLowThreshold = provider.maxSampleFrameCount - 1024;  
      
            SetConsumeSampleFramesFunction(
                [AudioSampleProvider.consumeSampleFramesNativeFunction](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-consumeSampleFramesNativeFunction.html), provider.id,
                provider.channelCount, provider.sampleRate);
            provider.SetSampleFramesAvailableNativeHandler(
                sampleFramesAvailableNativeHandler, (IntPtr)0);  
      
            vp.Play();
        }  
      
        private const string pluginName =
    #if UNITY_IPHONE
            "__Internal"
    #else
            "NativeAudioOutputPlugin"
    #endif
        ;  
      
        [DllImport(pluginName, ExactSpelling = true, CallingConvention = CallingConvention.Cdecl)]
        private static extern void SetConsumeSampleFramesFunction(
            AudioSampleProvider.ConsumeSampleFramesNativeFunction cb, uint id, ushort channelCount, uint sampleRate);  
      
        [AOT.MonoPInvokeCallback(typeof(AudioSampleProvider.SampleFramesEventNativeFunction))]
        [DllImport(pluginName, ExactSpelling = true, CallingConvention = CallingConvention.Cdecl)]
        private static extern void SampleFramesAvailable(IntPtr userData, uint id, uint sampleFrameCount);
    }
    

And here is the accompanying C++ plug-in:

    
    
    #include <algorithm>
    #include <stdint.h>  
      
    typedef uint32_t(__cdecl *ConsumeSampleFramesFunction)(
        uint32_t providerId, float* interleavedSampleFrames, uint32_t sampleFrameCount);  
      
    ConsumeSampleFramesFunction ConsumeSampleFrames = NULL;
    uint32_t providerId = -1;
    float* buffer = NULL;
    uint32_t bufferSampleFrameCount = 0;
    uint32_t availableSampleFrameCount = 0;  
      
    extern "C" __cdecl void SetConsumeSampleFramesFunction(
        ConsumeSampleFramesFunction function, uint32_t id, uint16_t channelCount, uint32_t sampleRate)
    {
        ConsumeSampleFrames = function;
        providerId = id;
        delete[] buffer;
        buffer = new float[channelCount * sampleRate]; // 1s worth of sample frames.
        bufferSampleFrameCount = sampleRate;
    }  
      
    extern "C" __cdecl void SampleFramesAvailable(void* userData, uint32_t id, uint32_t sampleFrameCount)
    {
        if (ConsumeSampleFrames == NULL)
            return;  
      
        // We consume the sample frames from the handler that tells us that there are some available.
        // But we could also invoke this regularly from another thread, for example the thread providing
        // samples to an audio device.
        const uint32_t consumedSampleFrameCount = ConsumeSampleFrames(
                providerId, buffer, std::min(bufferSampleFrameCount, sampleFrameCount));
        // Do something with the samples here...
    }
    

### Static Properties

[consumeSampleFramesNativeFunction](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
consumeSampleFramesNativeFunction.html)| Pointer to the native function that
provides access to audio sample frames.  
---|---  
  
### Properties

[availableSampleFrameCount](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
availableSampleFrameCount.html)| Number of sample frames available for
consuming with AudioSampleProvider.ConsumeSampleFrames.  
---|---  
[channelCount](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-channelCount.html)| The
number of audio channels per sample frame.  
[enableSampleFramesAvailableEvents](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
enableSampleFramesAvailableEvents.html)| Enables the
AudioSampleProvider.sampleFramesAvailable events.  
[enableSilencePadding](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
enableSilencePadding.html)| If true, buffers produced by ConsumeSampleFrames
will get padded when silence if there are less available than asked for.
Otherwise, the extra sample frames in the buffer will be left unchanged.  
[freeSampleFrameCount](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
freeSampleFrameCount.html)| Number of sample frames that can still be written
to by the sample producer before overflowing.  
[freeSampleFrameCountLowThreshold](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
freeSampleFrameCountLowThreshold.html)| Then the free sample count falls below
this threshold, the AudioSampleProvider.sampleFramesAvailable event and
associated native is emitted.  
[id](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-id.html)| Unique identifier for
this instance.  
[maxSampleFrameCount](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
maxSampleFrameCount.html)| The maximum number of sample frames that can be
accumulated inside the internal buffer before an overflow event is emitted.  
[owner](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-owner.html)| Object where this
provider came from.  
[sampleRate](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-sampleRate.html)| The
expected playback rate for the sample frames produced by this class.  
[trackIndex](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-trackIndex.html)| Index of
the track in the object that created this provider.  
[valid](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-valid.html)| True if the object
is valid.  
  
### Public Methods

[ClearSampleFramesAvailableNativeHandler](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.ClearSampleFramesAvailableNativeHandler.html)|
Clear the native handler set with
AudioSampleProvider.SetSampleFramesAvailableNativeHandler.  
---|---  
[ClearSampleFramesOverflowNativeHandler](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.ClearSampleFramesOverflowNativeHandler.html)|
Clear the native handler set with
AudioSampleProvider.SetSampleFramesOverflowNativeHandler.  
[ConsumeSampleFrames](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.ConsumeSampleFrames.html)|
Consume sample frames from the internal buffer.  
[Dispose](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.Dispose.html)| Release
internal resources. Inherited from IDisposable.  
[SetSampleFramesAvailableNativeHandler](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.SetSampleFramesAvailableNativeHandler.html)|
Set the native event handler for events emitted when the number of available
sample frames crosses the threshold.  
[SetSampleFramesOverflowNativeHandler](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.SetSampleFramesOverflowNativeHandler.html)|
Set the native event handler for events emitted when the internal sample frame
buffer overflows.  
  
### Events

[sampleFramesAvailable](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
sampleFramesAvailable.html)| Invoked when the number of available sample
frames goes beyond the threshold set with
AudioSampleProvider.freeSampleFrameCountLowThreshold.  
---|---  
[sampleFramesOverflow](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider-
sampleFramesOverflow.html)| Invoked when the number of available sample frames
goes beyond the maximum that fits in the internal buffer.  
  
### Delegates

[ConsumeSampleFramesNativeFunction](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.ConsumeSampleFramesNativeFunction.html)|
Type that represents the native function pointer for consuming sample frames.  
---|---  
[SampleFramesEventNativeFunction](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.SampleFramesEventNativeFunction.html)|
Type that represents the native function pointer for handling sample frame
events.  
[SampleFramesHandler](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.SampleFramesHandler.html)|
Delegate for sample frame events.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

