[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Experimental** : this API is experimental and might be changed or removed in
the future.

#  [Lightmapping](Experimental.Lightmapping.html).BakeAsync

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static bool
BakeAsync([SceneManagement.Scene](SceneManagement.Scene.html) targetScene);

### Parameters

targetScene | The Scene to generate lighting data for.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**bool** Returns true if Unity successfully starts the lighting bake job.
Returns false if Unity does not successfully start the lighting bake job.

### Description

Starts an asynchronous lighting bake job for the target Scene.

Unity generates lighting data for the target Scene only, but Lights,
Renderers, Terrains and emissive Materials from all open Scenes contribute to
the lighting. Note that Renderers and Terrains contribute to the lighting only
if their [StaticEditorFlags.ContributeGI](StaticEditorFlags.ContributeGI.html)
flag is enabled.  
  
Unity calls [bakeStarted](Lightmapping-bakeStarted.html) when it starts the
bake, and [bakeCompleted](Lightmapping-bakeCompleted.html) when it completes
the bake. You can monitor the progress of the bake using the
[isRunning](Lightmapping-isRunning.html) property. If Unity cannot start the
bake, it prints a warning to the console.  
  
Note that Unity only performs the bake if Lightmapping.giWorkflowMode is set
to
[Lightmapping.GIWorkflowMode.OnDemand](Lightmapping.GIWorkflowMode.OnDemand.html).
If this is not the case, this function immediately returns false.  
  
For synchronous bakes see [Bake](Lightmapping.Bake.html).  
  
Additional resources: [Scene](SceneManagement.Scene.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

