[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Experimental** : this API is experimental and might be changed or removed in
the future.

# IDropTarget

interface in UnityEditor.Experimental.GraphView

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Drop target interface.

### Public Methods

[CanAcceptDrop](Experimental.GraphView.IDropTarget.CanAcceptDrop.html)|
Indicates if the dragged source can be dropped on the target interface.  
---|---  
[DragEnter](Experimental.GraphView.IDropTarget.DragEnter.html)| This method is
automatically called when the dragged source intersects the drop target.  
[DragExited](Experimental.GraphView.IDropTarget.DragExited.html)| This method
is automatically called when dragging ends and the drag source is not over a
valid drop target.  
[DragLeave](Experimental.GraphView.IDropTarget.DragLeave.html)| This method is
automatically called when the dragged source no longer intersects the drop
target.  
[DragPerform](Experimental.GraphView.IDropTarget.DragPerform.html)| "This
method is automatically called when a drag is performed."  
[DragUpdated](Experimental.GraphView.IDropTarget.DragUpdated.html)| This
method is automatically called when the drag source is updated.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

