[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ExportPackageOptions

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Export package option. Multiple options can be combined together using the | operator.

Additional resources:
[AssetDatabase.ExportPackage](AssetDatabase.ExportPackage.html).

### Properties

[Default](ExportPackageOptions.Default.html)| Default mode. Will not include
dependencies or subdirectories nor include Library assets unless specifically
included in the asset list.  
---|---  
[Interactive](ExportPackageOptions.Interactive.html)| The export operation
will be run asynchronously and reveal the exported package file in a file
browser window after the export is finished.  
[Recurse](ExportPackageOptions.Recurse.html)| Will recurse through any
subdirectories listed and include all assets inside them.  
[IncludeDependencies](ExportPackageOptions.IncludeDependencies.html)| In
addition to the assets paths listed, all dependent assets will be included as
well.  
[IncludeLibraryAssets](ExportPackageOptions.IncludeLibraryAssets.html)| The
exported package will include all library assets, ie. the project settings
located in the Library folder of the project.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

