[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# GameObjectUtility

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

GameObject utility functions.

### Static Methods

[AreStaticEditorFlagsSet](GameObjectUtility.AreStaticEditorFlagsSet.html)|
Returns true if the passed in StaticEditorFlags are set on the GameObject
specified.  
---|---  
[DuplicateGameObject](GameObjectUtility.DuplicateGameObject.html)| Duplicates
a single GameObject and returns the new GameObject.  
[DuplicateGameObjects](GameObjectUtility.DuplicateGameObjects.html)|
Duplicates an array of GameObjects and returns the array of the new GameObject
roots.  
[EnsureUniqueNameForSibling](GameObjectUtility.EnsureUniqueNameForSibling.html)|
You can use this method after parenting one GameObject to another to ensure
the child GameObject has a unique name compared to its siblings in the
hierarchy.  
[GetMonoBehavioursWithMissingScriptCount](GameObjectUtility.GetMonoBehavioursWithMissingScriptCount.html)|
Gets the number of MonoBehaviours with a missing script for the given
GameObject.  
[GetStaticEditorFlags](GameObjectUtility.GetStaticEditorFlags.html)| Gets the
StaticEditorFlags of the GameObject specified.  
[GetUniqueNameForSibling](GameObjectUtility.GetUniqueNameForSibling.html)| You
can use this method before instantiating a new sibling, or before parenting
one GameObject to another, to ensure the new child GameObject has a unique
name compared to its siblings in the hierarchy.  
[ModifyMaskIfGameObjectIsHiddenForPrefabModeInContext](GameObjectUtility.ModifyMaskIfGameObjectIsHiddenForPrefabModeInContext.html)|
Use this method if a custom scene culling mask is needed for renderers that
should be shown or hidden in a Scene view when Prefab Mode in Context is
active.  
[RemoveMonoBehavioursWithMissingScript](GameObjectUtility.RemoveMonoBehavioursWithMissingScript.html)|
Removes the MonoBehaviours with a missing script from the given GameObject.  
[SetParentAndAlign](GameObjectUtility.SetParentAndAlign.html)| Sets the parent
and gives the child the same layer and position.  
[SetStaticEditorFlags](GameObjectUtility.SetStaticEditorFlags.html)| Sets the
StaticEditorFlags of the specified GameObject.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

