[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [GameObject](GameObject.html).GetComponentsInChildren

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-GameObject.html "Go to GameObject Component
in the Manual")

## Declaration

public T[] GetComponentsInChildren();

## Declaration

public T[] GetComponentsInChildren(bool includeInactive);

### Parameters

includeInactive | Whether to include inactive child GameObjects in the search.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**T[]** An array containing all matching components of type `T`.

### Description

Retrieves references to all components of type T on the specified GameObject,
and any child of the GameObject.

The typical usage for this method is to call it on a reference to a different
GameObject than the one your script is on. For example:  
  
`myResults = otherGameObject.GetComponentsInChildren<ComponentType>()`  
  
However, if you're writing code inside a MonoBehaviour class, you can omit the
preceding GameObject reference to perform the search on the same GameObject
your script is attached to. In this instance, you're actually calling
[Component.GetComponentsInChildren](Component.GetComponentsInChildren.html)
because the script itself is a type of component, but the result is the same
as if you'd referenced the GameObject itself. For example:  
  
`myResults = GetComponentsInChildren<ComponentType>()`  
  
`GetComponentsInChildren` checks the GameObject on which it is called first,
then recurses downwards through all child GameObjects using a depth-first
search, until it finds a matching Component of the type `T` specified.  
  
Only active child GameObjects are included in the search, unless you call the
method with the `includeInactive` parameter set to `true`, in which case
inactive child GameObjects are also included. The GameObject on which the
method is called is always searched regardless of this parameter.  
  
To find components attached to other GameObjects, you need a [reference to
that other GameObject](../Manual/class-
GameObject.html#AccessingOtherGameObjects) (or any component attached to that
GameObject). You can then call `GetComponentsInChildren` on that reference.  
  
**Note** : If the type you request is a derivative of MonoBehaviour and the
associated script can't be loaded then this function will return `null` for
that component.  
  
The following example gets a reference to all hinge joint components on the
same GameObject as the script, or any of its children, and if found, sets a
property on those components.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class GetComponentsInChildrenExample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        // Disable the spring on all HingeJoints in the referenced [GameObject](GameObject.html) and its children  
      
        public [GameObject](GameObject.html) objectToCheck;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            [HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)[] hingeJoints;  
      
            hingeJoints = objectToCheck.GetComponentsInChildren<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>();  
      
            if (hingeJoints != null)
            {
                foreach ([HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html) joint in hingeJoints)
                {
                    joint.useSpring = false;
                }
            }
            else
            {
                // Try again, looking for inactive GameObjects
                [HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)[] hingesInactive = objectToCheck.GetComponentsInChildren<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>(true);  
      
                foreach ([HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html) joint in hingesInactive)
                {
                    joint.useSpring = false;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

Additional resources: [Component](Component.html),
[GameObject.GetComponentsInParent](GameObject.GetComponentsInParent.html)

* * *

## Declaration

public void GetComponentsInChildren(List<T> results);

## Declaration

public void GetComponentsInChildren(bool includeInactive, List<T> results);

### Parameters

results | List to receive found Components.  
---|---  
includeInactive | Whether to include inactive child GameObjects in the search.  
  
### Description

A variation of the `GetComponentsInChildren` method which allows you to supply
your own List to be filled with results.

This allows you to avoid allocating new List objects for each call to the
method. The list you supply is resized to match the number of results found,
and any existing values in the list are overritten.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections.Generic;  
      
    public class GetComponentsInChildrenExample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        // Disable the spring on all HingeJoints in the referenced [GameObject](GameObject.html) and its children  
      
        public [GameObject](GameObject.html) objectToCheck;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            List<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)> hingeJoints = new List<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>();  
      
            objectToCheck.GetComponentsInChildren<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>(false, hingeJoints);  
      
            if (hingeJoints != null)
            {
                foreach ([HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html) joint in hingeJoints)
                {
                    joint.useSpring = false;
                }
            }
            else
            {
                // Try again, looking for inactive GameObjects
                List<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)> hingesInactive = new List<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>();  
      
                objectToCheck.GetComponentsInChildren<[HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html)>(true, hingesInactive);  
      
                foreach ([HingeJoint](HingeJoint.html) joint in hingesInactive)
                {
                    joint.useSpring = false;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

Additional resources: [Component](Component.html),
[GameObject.GetComponentsInParent](GameObject.GetComponentsInParent.html)

* * *

## Declaration

public Component[] GetComponentsInChildren(Type type, bool includeInactive =
false);

### Parameters

type | The type of component to search for.  
---|---  
includeInactive | Whether to include inactive child GameObjects in the search.  
  
### Returns

**Component[]** An array of all found components matching the specified
`type`.

### Description

The non-generic version of this method.

This version of `GetComponentsInChildren` is not as efficient as the Generic
version (above), so you should only use it if necessary.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

