[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Graphics](Graphics.html).activeTier

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static [Rendering.GraphicsTier](Rendering.GraphicsTier.html)
activeTier;

### Description

The [GraphicsTier](Rendering.GraphicsTier.html) for the current device.

**Note:** Graphics tiers are only supported in the Built-in Render Pipeline.  
  
Unity auto-detects this value, and sets it during startup. This value
determines which [TierSettings](Rendering.TierSettings.html) are in use, and
which tier variants Unity loads when it loads shaders. Changing this value
affects any subsequently loaded shaders. For more information, see [Graphics
tiers](../Manual/graphics-tiers.html).  
  
Additional resources: [Graphics tiers](../Manual/graphics-tiers.html),
[TierSettings](Rendering.TierSettings.html),
[GraphicsTier](Rendering.GraphicsTier.html),
[EditorGraphicsSettings.GetTierSettings](Rendering.EditorGraphicsSettings.GetTierSettings.html),
[EditorGraphicsSettings.SetTierSettings](Rendering.EditorGraphicsSettings.SetTierSettings.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

