[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Graphics](Graphics.html).DrawProceduralIndirectNow

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void DrawProceduralIndirectNow([MeshTopology](MeshTopology.html)
topology, [ComputeBuffer](ComputeBuffer.html) bufferWithArgs, int argsOffset);

## Declaration

public static void DrawProceduralIndirectNow([MeshTopology](MeshTopology.html)
topology, [GraphicsBuffer](GraphicsBuffer.html) bufferWithArgs, int
argsOffset);

### Parameters

topology | Topology of the procedural geometry.  
---|---  
bufferWithArgs | Buffer with draw arguments.  
argsOffset | Byte offset where in the buffer the draw arguments are.  
  
### Description

Draws procedural geometry on the GPU.

DrawProceduralIndirectNow does a draw call on the GPU, without any vertex or
index buffers. If the shader requires vertex buffers, one of the following
occurs depending on platform: \- If the vertex buffer is declared but the
compiler can optimize it away, the normal DrawProcedural call occurs. \- If
the compiler is not able to optimize the vertex buffer declaration away, the
draw call will be converted into a normal mesh drawing call with emulated
vertex buffers injected.  
  
The latter option has performance overhead so it is recommended not to declare
vertex inputs in shaders when using DrawProceduralIndirectNow.  
  
This function only works on platforms that support [compute
shaders](../Manual/class-ComputeShader.html).  
  
The amount of geometry to draw is read from a
[ComputeBuffer](ComputeBuffer.html). Typical use case is generating an
arbitrary amount of data from a [ComputeShader](ComputeShader.html) and then
rendering that, without requiring a readback to the CPU.  
  
This is mainly useful on [Shader Model 4.5](../Manual/SL-
ShaderCompileTargets.html) level hardware where shaders can read arbitrary
data from [ComputeBuffer](ComputeBuffer.html) buffers.  
  
Buffer with arguments, `bufferWithArgs`, has to have four integer numbers at
given `argsOffset` offset: vertex count per instance, instance count, start
vertex location, and start instance location. This maps to Direct3D11
DrawInstancedIndirect and equivalent functions on other graphics APIs. On
OpenGL versions before 4.2 and all OpenGL ES versions that support indirect
draw, the last argument is reserved and therefore must be zero.  
  
Note that this call executes immediately, similar to
[Graphics.DrawMeshNow](Graphics.DrawMeshNow.html). It uses the currently set
render target, transformation matrices and shader pass.  
  
There's also similar functionality in CommandBuffers, see
[CommandBuffer.DrawProceduralIndirect](Rendering.CommandBuffer.DrawProceduralIndirect.html).  
  
Additional resources:
[Graphics.DrawProceduralNow](Graphics.DrawProceduralNow.html),
[ComputeBuffer.CopyCount](ComputeBuffer.CopyCount.html),
[SystemInfo.supportsComputeShaders](SystemInfo-supportsComputeShaders.html).

* * *

## Declaration

public static void DrawProceduralIndirectNow([MeshTopology](MeshTopology.html)
topology, [GraphicsBuffer](GraphicsBuffer.html) indexBuffer,
[ComputeBuffer](ComputeBuffer.html) bufferWithArgs, int argsOffset);

## Declaration

public static void DrawProceduralIndirectNow([MeshTopology](MeshTopology.html)
topology, [GraphicsBuffer](GraphicsBuffer.html) indexBuffer,
[GraphicsBuffer](GraphicsBuffer.html) bufferWithArgs, int argsOffset);

### Parameters

topology | Topology of the procedural geometry.  
---|---  
indexBuffer | Index buffer used to submit vertices to the GPU.  
bufferWithArgs | Buffer with draw arguments.  
argsOffset | Byte offset where in the buffer the draw arguments are.  
  
### Description

Draws procedural geometry on the GPU.

DrawProceduralIndirectNow does a draw call on the GPU, without a vertex
buffer. If the shader requires vertex buffers, one of the following occurs
depending on platform: \- If the vertex buffer is declared but the compiler
can optimize it away, the normal DrawProcedural call occurs. \- If the
compiler is not able to optimize the vertex buffer declaration away, the draw
call will be converted into a normal mesh drawing call with emulated vertex
buffers injected.  
  
The latter option has performance overhead so it is recommended not to declare
vertex inputs in shaders when using DrawProceduralIndirectNow. The amount of
geometry to draw is read from a [ComputeBuffer](ComputeBuffer.html). Typical
use case is generating an arbitrary amount of data from a
[ComputeShader](ComputeShader.html) and then rendering that, without requiring
a readback to the CPU.  
  
This is mainly useful on [Shader Model 4.5](../Manual/SL-
ShaderCompileTargets.html) level hardware where shaders can read arbitrary
data from [ComputeBuffer](ComputeBuffer.html) buffers.  
  
Buffer with arguments, `bufferWithArgs`, has to have five integer numbers at
given `argsOffset` offset: index count per instance, instance count, start
index location, base vertex location, and start instance location. This maps
to Direct3D11 DrawIndexedInstancedIndirect and equivalent functions on other
graphics APIs. On OpenGL versions before 4.2 and all OpenGL ES versions that
support indirect draw, the last argument is reserved and therefore must be
zero.  
  
Note that this call executes immediately, similar to
[Graphics.DrawMeshNow](Graphics.DrawMeshNow.html). It uses the currently set
render target, transformation matrices and shader pass.  
  
There's also similar functionality in CommandBuffers, see
[CommandBuffer.DrawProceduralIndirect](Rendering.CommandBuffer.DrawProceduralIndirect.html).  
  
Additional resources:
[Graphics.DrawProceduralNow](Graphics.DrawProceduralNow.html),
[ComputeBuffer.CopyCount](ComputeBuffer.CopyCount.html),
[SystemInfo.supportsComputeShaders](SystemInfo-supportsComputeShaders.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

