[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# IndirectDrawArgs

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Defines the data layout for non-indexed indirect render calls.

To setup [GraphicsBuffer](GraphicsBuffer.html) for non-indexed indirect
rendering, use this struct to define the data layout. The layout can change
between platforms, so for improved portability, use this struct instead of
defining the data as raw ints.  
  
Additional resources:
[Graphics.RenderPrimitivesIndirect](Graphics.RenderPrimitivesIndirect.html).

### Static Properties

[size](GraphicsBuffer.IndirectDrawArgs-size.html)| The size of the struct in
bytes.  
---|---  
  
### Properties

[instanceCount](GraphicsBuffer.IndirectDrawArgs-instanceCount.html)| The
number of instances to render.  
---|---  
[startInstance](GraphicsBuffer.IndirectDrawArgs-startInstance.html)| The first
instance to render.  
[startVertex](GraphicsBuffer.IndirectDrawArgs-startVertex.html)| The first
vertex to render.  
[vertexCountPerInstance](GraphicsBuffer.IndirectDrawArgs-
vertexCountPerInstance.html)| The number of vertices per instance.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

