[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# GUILayout

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.IMGUIModule](UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The GUILayout class is the interface for Unity gui with automatic layout.

  
Additional resources: [GUI Layout tutorial](../Manual/gui-Layout.html).

### Static Methods

[BeginArea](GUILayout.BeginArea.html)| Begin a GUILayout block of GUI controls
in a fixed screen area.  
---|---  
[BeginHorizontal](GUILayout.BeginHorizontal.html)| Begin a Horizontal control
group.  
[BeginScrollView](GUILayout.BeginScrollView.html)| Begin an automatically laid
out scrollview.  
[BeginVertical](GUILayout.BeginVertical.html)| Begin a vertical control group.  
[Box](GUILayout.Box.html)| Make an auto-layout box.  
[Button](GUILayout.Button.html)| Make a single press button.  
[EndArea](GUILayout.EndArea.html)| Close a GUILayout block started with
BeginArea.  
[EndHorizontal](GUILayout.EndHorizontal.html)| Close a group started with
BeginHorizontal.  
[EndScrollView](GUILayout.EndScrollView.html)| End a scroll view begun with a
call to BeginScrollView.  
[EndVertical](GUILayout.EndVertical.html)| Close a group started with
BeginVertical.  
[ExpandHeight](GUILayout.ExpandHeight.html)| Option passed to a control to
allow or disallow vertical expansion.  
[ExpandWidth](GUILayout.ExpandWidth.html)| Option passed to a control to allow
or disallow horizontal expansion.  
[FlexibleSpace](GUILayout.FlexibleSpace.html)| Insert a flexible space
element.  
[Height](GUILayout.Height.html)| Option passed to a control to give it an
absolute height.  
[HorizontalScrollbar](GUILayout.HorizontalScrollbar.html)| Make a horizontal
scrollbar.  
[HorizontalSlider](GUILayout.HorizontalSlider.html)| A horizontal slider the
user can drag to change a value between a min and a max.  
[Label](GUILayout.Label.html)| Make an auto-layout label.  
[MaxHeight](GUILayout.MaxHeight.html)| Option passed to a control to specify a
maximum height.  
[MaxWidth](GUILayout.MaxWidth.html)| Option passed to a control to specify a
maximum width.  
[MinHeight](GUILayout.MinHeight.html)| Option passed to a control to specify a
minimum height.  
[MinWidth](GUILayout.MinWidth.html)| Option passed to a control to specify a
minimum width.  
[PasswordField](GUILayout.PasswordField.html)| Make a text field where the
user can enter a password.  
[RepeatButton](GUILayout.RepeatButton.html)| Make a repeating button. The
button returns true as long as the user holds down the mouse.  
[SelectionGrid](GUILayout.SelectionGrid.html)| Make a Selection Grid.  
[Space](GUILayout.Space.html)| Insert a space in the current layout group.  
[TextArea](GUILayout.TextArea.html)| Make a multi-line text field where the
user can edit a string.  
[TextField](GUILayout.TextField.html)| Make a single-line text field where the
user can edit a string.  
[Toggle](GUILayout.Toggle.html)| Make an on/off toggle button.  
[Toolbar](GUILayout.Toolbar.html)| Make a toolbar.  
[VerticalScrollbar](GUILayout.VerticalScrollbar.html)| Make a vertical
scrollbar.  
[VerticalSlider](GUILayout.VerticalSlider.html)| A vertical slider the user
can drag to change a value between a min and a max.  
[Width](GUILayout.Width.html)| Option passed to a control to give it an
absolute width.  
[Window](GUILayout.Window.html)| Make a popup window that layouts its contents
automatically.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

