[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [HandleUtility](HandleUtility.html).ClosestPointToPolyLine

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static [Vector3](Vector3.html) ClosestPointToPolyLine(params Vector3[]
vertices);

### Description

Get the point on a polyline (in 3D space) which is closest to the current
mouse position.

A polyline is simply a zigzag line defined by a set of points connected in
sequence. The ClosestPointToPolyLine function takes the polyline defined by a
point array and "flattens" it into screen space. The closest point between the
flattened line and the current mouse position (also in screen space) is then
found and converted back into a 3D point on the original 3D polyline. This is
useful for Handle GUIs that involve manipulating an arbitrary 3D shape using
the mouse; the 2D mouse movements are converted into 3D space in the familiar
way used by Unity's built-in tools. An example of where this might be used is
a racetrack defined by a set of waypoints - a position along the track line
could be selected via the mouse using ClosestPointToPolyLine.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

