[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# HumanDescription

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.AnimationModule](UnityEngine.AnimationModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Class that holds humanoid avatar parameters to pass to the
[AvatarBuilder.BuildHumanAvatar](AvatarBuilder.BuildHumanAvatar.html)
function.

### Properties

[armStretch](HumanDescription-armStretch.html)| Amount by which the arm's
length is allowed to stretch when using IK.  
---|---  
[feetSpacing](HumanDescription-feetSpacing.html)| Modification to the minimum
distance between the feet of a humanoid model.  
[hasTranslationDoF](HumanDescription-hasTranslationDoF.html)| True for any
human that has a translation Degree of Freedom (DoF). It is set to false by
default.  
[human](HumanDescription-human.html)| Mapping between Mecanim bone names and
bone names in the rig.  
[legStretch](HumanDescription-legStretch.html)| Amount by which the leg's
length is allowed to stretch when using IK.  
[lowerArmTwist](HumanDescription-lowerArmTwist.html)| Defines how the lower
arm's roll/twisting is distributed between the elbow and wrist joints.  
[lowerLegTwist](HumanDescription-lowerLegTwist.html)| Defines how the lower
leg's roll/twisting is distributed between the knee and ankle.  
[skeleton](HumanDescription-skeleton.html)| List of bone Transforms to include
in the model.  
[upperArmTwist](HumanDescription-upperArmTwist.html)| Defines how the upper
arm's roll/twisting is distributed between the shoulder and elbow joints.  
[upperLegTwist](HumanDescription-upperLegTwist.html)| Defines how the upper
leg's roll/twisting is distributed between the thigh and knee joints.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

