[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# HumanPoseHandler

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.AnimationModule](UnityEngine.AnimationModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Use this class to create, read, and write the [HumanPose](HumanPose.html) for
a humanoid avatar skeleton hierarchy or an avatar pose.

### Constructors

[HumanPoseHandler](HumanPoseHandler-ctor.html)| Creates a human pose handler
from an avatar and a root transform and either a list of joint paths.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[GetHumanPose](HumanPoseHandler.GetHumanPose.html)| Computes a human pose from
the avatar skeleton, stores the pose in the human pose handler, and returns
the human pose.  
---|---  
[GetInternalAvatarPose](HumanPoseHandler.GetInternalAvatarPose.html)| Gets the
internal human pose stored in the human pose handler and converts it to an
avatar pose.  
[GetInternalHumanPose](HumanPoseHandler.GetInternalHumanPose.html)| Gets the
internal human pose stored in the human pose handler.  
[SetHumanPose](HumanPoseHandler.SetHumanPose.html)| Stores the specified human
pose inside the human pose handler.  
[SetInternalAvatarPose](HumanPoseHandler.SetInternalAvatarPose.html)| Converts
an avatar pose to a human pose and stores it as the internal human pose inside
the human pose handler.  
[SetInternalHumanPose](HumanPoseHandler.SetInternalHumanPose.html)| Stores the
specified human pose as the internal human pose inside the human pose handler.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

