[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# HumanBodyBones

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Human Body Bones.

Additional resources:
[Animator.GetBoneTransform](Animator.GetBoneTransform.html).

### Properties

[Hips](HumanBodyBones.Hips.html)| This is the Hips bone.  
---|---  
[LeftUpperLeg](HumanBodyBones.LeftUpperLeg.html)| This is the Left Upper Leg
bone.  
[RightUpperLeg](HumanBodyBones.RightUpperLeg.html)| This is the Right Upper
Leg bone.  
[LeftLowerLeg](HumanBodyBones.LeftLowerLeg.html)| This is the Left Knee bone.  
[RightLowerLeg](HumanBodyBones.RightLowerLeg.html)| This is the Right Knee
bone.  
[LeftFoot](HumanBodyBones.LeftFoot.html)| This is the Left Ankle bone.  
[RightFoot](HumanBodyBones.RightFoot.html)| This is the Right Ankle bone.  
[Spine](HumanBodyBones.Spine.html)| This is the first Spine bone.  
[Chest](HumanBodyBones.Chest.html)| This is the Chest bone.  
[UpperChest](HumanBodyBones.UpperChest.html)| This is the Upper Chest bone.  
[Neck](HumanBodyBones.Neck.html)| This is the Neck bone.  
[Head](HumanBodyBones.Head.html)| This is the Head bone.  
[LeftShoulder](HumanBodyBones.LeftShoulder.html)| This is the Left Shoulder
bone.  
[RightShoulder](HumanBodyBones.RightShoulder.html)| This is the Right Shoulder
bone.  
[LeftUpperArm](HumanBodyBones.LeftUpperArm.html)| This is the Left Upper Arm
bone.  
[RightUpperArm](HumanBodyBones.RightUpperArm.html)| This is the Right Upper
Arm bone.  
[LeftLowerArm](HumanBodyBones.LeftLowerArm.html)| This is the Left Elbow bone.  
[RightLowerArm](HumanBodyBones.RightLowerArm.html)| This is the Right Elbow
bone.  
[LeftHand](HumanBodyBones.LeftHand.html)| This is the Left Wrist bone.  
[RightHand](HumanBodyBones.RightHand.html)| This is the Right Wrist bone.  
[LeftToes](HumanBodyBones.LeftToes.html)| This is the Left Toes bone.  
[RightToes](HumanBodyBones.RightToes.html)| This is the Right Toes bone.  
[LeftEye](HumanBodyBones.LeftEye.html)| This is the Left Eye bone.  
[RightEye](HumanBodyBones.RightEye.html)| This is the Right Eye bone.  
[Jaw](HumanBodyBones.Jaw.html)| This is the Jaw bone.  
[LeftThumbProximal](HumanBodyBones.LeftThumbProximal.html)| This is the left
thumb 1st phalange.  
[LeftThumbIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.LeftThumbIntermediate.html)| This is
the left thumb 2nd phalange.  
[LeftThumbDistal](HumanBodyBones.LeftThumbDistal.html)| This is the left thumb
3rd phalange.  
[LeftIndexProximal](HumanBodyBones.LeftIndexProximal.html)| This is the left
index 1st phalange.  
[LeftIndexIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.LeftIndexIntermediate.html)| This is
the left index 2nd phalange.  
[LeftIndexDistal](HumanBodyBones.LeftIndexDistal.html)| This is the left index
3rd phalange.  
[LeftMiddleProximal](HumanBodyBones.LeftMiddleProximal.html)| This is the left
middle 1st phalange.  
[LeftMiddleIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.LeftMiddleIntermediate.html)| This is
the left middle 2nd phalange.  
[LeftMiddleDistal](HumanBodyBones.LeftMiddleDistal.html)| This is the left
middle 3rd phalange.  
[LeftRingProximal](HumanBodyBones.LeftRingProximal.html)| This is the left
ring 1st phalange.  
[LeftRingIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.LeftRingIntermediate.html)| This is the
left ring 2nd phalange.  
[LeftRingDistal](HumanBodyBones.LeftRingDistal.html)| This is the left ring
3rd phalange.  
[LeftLittleProximal](HumanBodyBones.LeftLittleProximal.html)| This is the left
little 1st phalange.  
[LeftLittleIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.LeftLittleIntermediate.html)| This is
the left little 2nd phalange.  
[LeftLittleDistal](HumanBodyBones.LeftLittleDistal.html)| This is the left
little 3rd phalange.  
[RightThumbProximal](HumanBodyBones.RightThumbProximal.html)| This is the
right thumb 1st phalange.  
[RightThumbIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.RightThumbIntermediate.html)| This is
the right thumb 2nd phalange.  
[RightThumbDistal](HumanBodyBones.RightThumbDistal.html)| This is the right
thumb 3rd phalange.  
[RightIndexProximal](HumanBodyBones.RightIndexProximal.html)| This is the
right index 1st phalange.  
[RightIndexIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.RightIndexIntermediate.html)| This is
the right index 2nd phalange.  
[RightIndexDistal](HumanBodyBones.RightIndexDistal.html)| This is the right
index 3rd phalange.  
[RightMiddleProximal](HumanBodyBones.RightMiddleProximal.html)| This is the
right middle 1st phalange.  
[RightMiddleIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.RightMiddleIntermediate.html)| This
is the right middle 2nd phalange.  
[RightMiddleDistal](HumanBodyBones.RightMiddleDistal.html)| This is the right
middle 3rd phalange.  
[RightRingProximal](HumanBodyBones.RightRingProximal.html)| This is the right
ring 1st phalange.  
[RightRingIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.RightRingIntermediate.html)| This is
the right ring 2nd phalange.  
[RightRingDistal](HumanBodyBones.RightRingDistal.html)| This is the right ring
3rd phalange.  
[RightLittleProximal](HumanBodyBones.RightLittleProximal.html)| This is the
right little 1st phalange.  
[RightLittleIntermediate](HumanBodyBones.RightLittleIntermediate.html)| This
is the right little 2nd phalange.  
[RightLittleDistal](HumanBodyBones.RightLittleDistal.html)| This is the right
little 3rd phalange.  
[LastBone](HumanBodyBones.LastBone.html)| This is the Last bone index
delimiter.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

