[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# HumanTrait

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.AnimationModule](UnityEngine.AnimationModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Details of all the human bone and muscle types defined by Mecanim.

### Static Properties

[BoneCount](HumanTrait.BoneCount.html)| The number of human bone types defined
by Mecanim.  
---|---  
[BoneName](HumanTrait.BoneName.html)| Array of the names of all human bone
types defined by Mecanim.  
[MuscleCount](HumanTrait.MuscleCount.html)| The number of human muscle types
defined by Mecanim.  
[MuscleName](HumanTrait.MuscleName.html)| Array of the names of all human
muscle types defined by Mecanim.  
[RequiredBoneCount](HumanTrait.RequiredBoneCount.html)| The number of bone
types that are required by Mecanim for any human model.  
  
### Static Methods

[BoneFromMuscle](HumanTrait.BoneFromMuscle.html)| Return the bone to which a
particular muscle is connected.  
---|---  
[GetBoneDefaultHierarchyMass](HumanTrait.GetBoneDefaultHierarchyMass.html)|
Gets the bone hierarchy mass.  
[GetMuscleDefaultMax](HumanTrait.GetMuscleDefaultMax.html)| Get the default
maximum value of rotation for a muscle in degrees.  
[GetMuscleDefaultMin](HumanTrait.GetMuscleDefaultMin.html)| Get the default
minimum value of rotation for a muscle in degrees.  
[GetParentBone](HumanTrait.GetParentBone.html)| Returns parent humanoid bone
index of a bone.  
[MuscleFromBone](HumanTrait.MuscleFromBone.html)| Obtain the muscle index for
a particular bone index and "degree of freedom".  
[RequiredBone](HumanTrait.RequiredBone.html)| Is the bone a member of the
minimal set of bones that Mecanim requires for a human model?  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

