[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# TreeViewItem

class in UnityEditor.IMGUI.Controls

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The TreeViewItem is used to build the tree representation of a tree data
structure.

The TreeViewItem can be derived from to add custom data.  
  
Additional resources: [TreeView](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.html).

### Properties

[children](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem-children.html)| The list of child items
of this TreeViewItem.  
---|---  
[depth](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem-depth.html)| The depth refers to how many
ancestors this item has, and corresponds to the number of horizontal ‘indents’
this item has.  
[displayName](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem-displayName.html)| Name shown for
this item when rendered.  
[hasChildren](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem-hasChildren.html)| Returns true if
children has any items.  
[icon](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem-icon.html)| If set, this icon will be
rendered to the left of the displayName. The icon is rendered at 16x16 points
by default.  
[id](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem-id.html)| Unique ID for an item.  
[parent](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem-parent.html)| The parent of this
TreeViewItem. If it is null then it is considered the root of the TreeViewItem
tree.  
  
### Constructors

[TreeViewItem](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem-ctor.html)| TreeViewItem
constructor.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[AddChild](IMGUI.Controls.TreeViewItem.AddChild.html)| Helper method that adds
the child TreeViewItem to the children list and sets the parent property on
the child.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

