[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Column

class in UnityEditor.IMGUI.Controls

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Column state.

### Properties

[allowToggleVisibility](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-
allowToggleVisibility.html)| Option to allow/disallow hiding the column from
the context menu.  
---|---  
[autoResize](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-autoResize.html)|
Option to allow the column to resize automatically when resizing the entire
MultiColumnHeader.  
[canSort](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-canSort.html)| Is
sorting enabled for this column. If false, left-clicking this column header
has no effect.  
[contextMenuText](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-
contextMenuText.html)| If this is set then it is used for the context menu for
toggling visibility, if not set then the ::headerContent is used.  
[headerContent](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-
headerContent.html)| This is the GUIContent that will be rendered in the
column header.  
[headerTextAlignment](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-
headerTextAlignment.html)| Alignment of the header content.  
[maxWidth](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-maxWidth.html)|
Maximum width of the column.  
[minWidth](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-minWidth.html)|
Minimum width of the column.  
[sortedAscending](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-
sortedAscending.html)| Value that controls if this column is sorted ascending
or descending.  
[sortingArrowAlignment](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-
sortingArrowAlignment.html)| Alignment of the sorting arrow.  
[userData](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-userData.html)|
Serialized field that holds an integer value that can be used as a handle to
access any non-serialized user data.  
[width](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.Column-width.html)| The width of
the column.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

