[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# DragAndDropArgs

struct in UnityEditor.IMGUI.Controls

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Method arguments for the
[HandleDragAndDrop](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.HandleDragAndDrop.html) virtual
method.

### Properties

[dragAndDropPosition](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DragAndDropArgs-
dragAndDropPosition.html)| When dragging items the current drag can have the
following 3 positions relative to the items: Upon an item, Between two items
or Outside items.  
---|---  
[insertAtIndex](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DragAndDropArgs-insertAtIndex.html)|
This index refers to the index in the children list of the parentItem where
the current drag is positioned.  
[parentItem](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DragAndDropArgs-parentItem.html)| The
parent item is set if the drag is either upon this item or between two of its
children.  
[performDrop](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DragAndDropArgs-performDrop.html)| This
value is false as long as the mouse button is down, when the mouse button is
released it is true.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

