[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# MultiColumnHeaderState

class in UnityEditor.IMGUI.Controls

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

State used by the [MultiColumnHeader](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.html).

This state object.

### Properties

[columns](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState-columns.html)| The array of
column states used by the MultiColumnHeader class.  
---|---  
[maximumNumberOfSortedColumns](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState-
maximumNumberOfSortedColumns.html)| This property controls the maximum number
of columns returned by the sortedColumns property.  
[sortedColumnIndex](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState-
sortedColumnIndex.html)| This property holds the index to the primary sorted
column.  
[sortedColumns](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState-sortedColumns.html)| The
array of column indices for multiple column sorting.  
[visibleColumns](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState-visibleColumns.html)|
This is the array of currently visible column indices.  
[widthOfAllVisibleColumns](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState-
widthOfAllVisibleColumns.html)| Returns the sum of all the widths of the
visible columns in the visibleColumns array.  
  
### Constructors

[MultiColumnHeaderState](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState-ctor.html)|
Constructor.  
---|---  
  
### Static Methods

[CanOverwriteSerializedFields](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.CanOverwriteSerializedFields.html)|
Checks if the source state can transfer its serialized data to the destination
state.  
---|---  
[OverwriteSerializedFields](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.OverwriteSerializedFields.html)|
Overwrites the seralized fields from the source state to the destination
state.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

