[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# RowGUIArgs

struct in UnityEditor.IMGUI.Controls

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Method arguments for the virtual method
[RowGUI](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUI.html).

### Properties

[focused](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs-focused.html)| This value is true
only when the TreeView has keyboard focus and the TreeView's window has focus.  
---|---  
[isRenaming](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs-isRenaming.html)| This value
is true when the ::item is currently being renamed.  
[item](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs-item.html)| Item for the current row
being handled in TreeView.RowGUI.  
[label](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs-label.html)| Label used for text
rendering of the item displayName. Note this is an empty string when
isRenaming == true.  
[row](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs-row.html)| Row index into the list of
current rows.  
[rowRect](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs-rowRect.html)| Row rect for the
current row being handled.  
[selected](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs-selected.html)| This value is
true when the current row's item is part of the current selection.  
  
### Public Methods

[GetCellRect](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs.GetCellRect.html)| If using a
MultiColumnHeader for the TreeView this method can be used to get the cell
rects of a row using the visible columns of the MultiColumnHeader.  
---|---  
[GetColumn](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs.GetColumn.html)| If using a
MultiColumnHeader for the TreeView this method can be used to convert an index
from the visible columns list to a index into the actual columns in the
MultiColumnHeaderState.  
[GetNumVisibleColumns](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs.GetNumVisibleColumns.html)|
If using a MultiColumnHeader for the TreeView use this method to get the
number of visible columns currently being shown in the MultiColumnHeader.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

