[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# MultiColumnHeader

class in UnityEditor.IMGUI.Controls

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The MultiColumnHeader is a general purpose class that e.g can be used with the
TreeView to create multi-column tree views and list views.

It supports resizing of columns widths by dragging and provides useful
callbacks for reacting to user input. Note that columns can be hidden by the
user using the context menu of the MultiColumnHeader.  
  
Terminology used in the API: The parameter name `columnIndex` is used for
indices into the columns array in the
[MultiColumnHeaderState](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeaderState.html) object.
While the parameter name `visibleColumnIndex` refers to the currently visible
column index shown in the MultiColumnHeader.

### Properties

[allowDraggingColumnsToReorder](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-
allowDraggingColumnsToReorder.html)| Use this property to control whether the
user can drag and drop columns to re-order them.  
---|---  
[canSort](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-canSort.html)| Use this property to
control whether sorting is enabled for all the columns.  
[currentColumnIndex](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-
currentColumnIndex.html)| The index of the column that is currently being
handled during an event. This property can be used for column specific
handling when overriding AddColumnHeaderContextMenuItems  
[height](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-height.html)| Customizable height of
the multi column header.  
[sortedColumnIndex](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-sortedColumnIndex.html)|
The index of the column that is set to be the primary sorting column. This is
the column that shows the sorting arrow above the header text.  
[state](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-state.html)| This is the state of the
MultiColumnHeader.  
  
### Constructors

[MultiColumnHeader](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-ctor.html)| Constructor.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[GetCellRect](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.GetCellRect.html)| Calculates a
cell rect for a column and row using the visibleColumnIndex and rowRect
parameters.  
---|---  
[GetColumn](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.GetColumn.html)| Returns the
column data for a given column index.  
[GetColumnRect](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.GetColumnRect.html)| Returns
the header column Rect for a given visible column index.  
[GetVisibleColumnIndex](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.GetVisibleColumnIndex.html)|
Convert from column index to visible column index.  
[IsColumnVisible](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.IsColumnVisible.html)|
Check if a column is currently visible in the MultiColumnHeader.  
[IsSortedAscending](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.IsSortedAscending.html)|
Check the sorting order state for a column.  
[OnGUI](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.OnGUI.html)| Render and handle input
for the MultiColumnHeader at the given rect.  
[Repaint](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.Repaint.html)| Requests the window
which contains the MultiColumnHeader to repaint.  
[ResizeToFit](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.ResizeToFit.html)| Resizes the
column widths of the columns that have auto-resize enabled to make all the
columns fit to the width of the MultiColumnHeader render rect.  
[SetSortDirection](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.SetSortDirection.html)|
Change sort direction for a given column.  
[SetSorting](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.SetSorting.html)| Sets the
primary sorting column and its sorting order.  
[SetSortingColumns](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.SetSortingColumns.html)|
Sets multiple sorting columns and the associated sorting orders.  
  
### Protected Methods

[AddColumnHeaderContextMenuItems](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.AddColumnHeaderContextMenuItems.html)|
Override this method to extend the default context menu items shown when
context clicking the header area.  
---|---  
[ColumnHeaderClicked](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.ColumnHeaderClicked.html)|
Override to customize the behavior when clicking a column header.  
[ColumnHeaderGUI](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.ColumnHeaderGUI.html)|
Override to customize the GUI of a single column header.  
[OnSortingChanged](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.OnSortingChanged.html)|
Called when sorting changes and dispatches the sortingChanged event.  
[OnVisibleColumnsChanged](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.OnVisibleColumnsChanged.html)|
Called when the number of visible column changes and dispatches the
visibleColumnsChanged event.  
[SortingButton](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.SortingButton.html)| Provides
the button logic for a column header and the rendering of the sorting arrow
(if visible).  
[ToggleVisibility](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.ToggleVisibility.html)|
Method for toggling the visibility of a column.  
  
### Events

[columnSettingsChanged](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-
columnSettingsChanged.html)| Event raised when any settings from a column has
changed (for example, a column width was resized).  
---|---  
[columnsSwapped](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-columnsSwapped.html)| Event
raised when the user switches the order of two columns.  
[sortingChanged](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-sortingChanged.html)|
Subscribe to this event to get notified when sorting has changed.  
[visibleColumnsChanged](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader-
visibleColumnsChanged.html)| Subscribe to this event to get notified when the
number of visible columns has changed.  
  
### Delegates

[HeaderCallback](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.HeaderCallback.html)|
Delegate used for events from the MultiColumnHeader.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

