[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# DefaultStyles

class in UnityEditor.IMGUI.Controls

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Default styles used by the TreeView class.

### Static Properties

[backgroundEven](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DefaultStyles-backgroundEven.html)|
Background style used for alternating row background colors when enabling
TreeView.showAlternatingRowBackgrounds.  
---|---  
[backgroundOdd](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DefaultStyles-backgroundOdd.html)|
Background style used for alternating row background colors when enabling
TreeView.showAlternatingRowBackgrounds.  
[boldLabel](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DefaultStyles-boldLabel.html)| Bold label
with alternative text color when selected and/or focused.  
[boldLabelRightAligned](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DefaultStyles-
boldLabelRightAligned.html)| Right aligned bold label with alternative text
color when selected and/or focused.  
[foldoutLabel](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DefaultStyles-foldoutLabel.html)| The
label that is used for foldout label with alternative text color when selected
and/or focused.  
[label](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DefaultStyles-label.html)| Left aligned label
with alternative text color when selected and/or focused.  
[labelRightAligned](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.DefaultStyles-
labelRightAligned.html)| Right aligend label with alternative text color when
selected and/or focused.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

