[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [TreeView](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.html).RowGUI

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

protected void
RowGUI([IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.RowGUIArgs.html)
args);

### Parameters

args | Row data.  
---|---  
  
### Description

Override this method to add custom GUI content for the rows in the TreeView.

This method is called once per visible row. The _See Also_ section below links
to methods and properties that can be used to tweak where the default icon,
text and foldout arrow are rendered and other useful information when doing
custom row content.  
  
If the TreeView is used in combination with a
[MultiColumnHeader](IMGUI.Controls.MultiColumnHeader.html) then use the
methods of RowGUIArgs to access information for the columns. See the manual
for examples.  
  
Additional resources:
[GetContentIndent](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.GetContentIndent.html),
[GetFoldoutIndent](IMGUI.Controls.TreeView.GetFoldoutIndent.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

