[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Input](Input.html).GetKeyUp

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static bool GetKeyUp(string name);

### Description

Returns true during the frame the user releases the key identified by `name`.

**Note: This API is part of the legacy** `Input` **class, and not recommended
for new projects. The documentation is provided here to support legacy
projects that use the old Input Manager and Input class. For new projects you
should use the newer and Input System Package**. ([read
more](../Manual/Input.html)).  
  
Call this function from the [Update](MonoBehaviour.Update.html) function,
since the state gets reset each frame. It will not return true until the user
has pressed the key and released it again.  
  
For the list of key identifiers see [Conventional Game
Input](../Manual/ConventionalGameInput.html). When dealing with input it is
recommended to use [Input.GetAxis](Input.GetAxis.html) and
[Input.GetButton](Input.GetButton.html) instead since it allows end-users to
configure the keys.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if ([Input.GetKeyUp](Input.GetKeyUp.html)("space"))
            {
                print("[Space](Space.html) key was released");
            }
        }
    }
    

* * *

## Declaration

public static bool GetKeyUp([KeyCode](KeyCode.html) key);

### Description

Returns true during the frame the user releases the key identified by the
`key` [KeyCode](KeyCode.html) enum parameter.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if ([Input.GetKeyUp](Input.GetKeyUp.html)([KeyCode.Space](KeyCode.Space.html)))
            {
                print("space key was released");
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

