[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Input](Input.html).anyKeyDown

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static bool anyKeyDown;

### Description

Returns true the first frame the user hits any key or mouse button. (Read
Only)

**Note: This API is part of the legacy** `Input` **class, and not recommended
for new projects. The documentation is provided here to support legacy
projects that use the old Input Manager and Input class. For new projects you
should use the newer and Input System Package**. ([read
more](../Manual/Input.html)).  
  
You should be polling this variable from the
[Update](MonoBehaviour.Update.html) function, since the state gets reset each
frame. It will not return true until the user has released all keys / buttons
and pressed any key / buttons again. This does not detect touches. For
touches, use [Input.touchCount](Input-touchCount.html).

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        // Detects if any key has been pressed down.  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if ([Input.anyKeyDown](Input-anyKeyDown.html))
            {
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("A key or mouse click has been detected");
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

