[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Input](Input.html).inputString

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static string inputString;

### Description

Returns the keyboard input entered this frame. (Read Only)

**Note: This API is part of the legacy** `Input` **class, and not recommended
for new projects. The documentation is provided here to support legacy
projects that use the old Input Manager and Input class. For new projects you
should use the newer and Input System Package**. ([read
more](../Manual/Input.html)).  
  
Only ASCII characters are contained in the `inputString`.  
  
The string can contain two special characters which should be handled:
Character `"\b"` represents backspace.  
Character `"\n"` represents return or enter.  

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;
    using UnityEngine.UI;  
      
    public class ExampleScript : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public Text  gt;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            gt = GetComponent<Text>();
        }  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            foreach (char c in [Input.inputString](Input-inputString.html))
            {
                if (c == '\b') // has backspace/delete been pressed?
                {
                    if (gt.text.Length != 0)
                    {
                        gt.text = gt.text.Substring(0, gt.text.Length - 1);
                    }
                }
                else if ((c == '\n') || (c == '\r')) // enter/return
                {
                    print("User entered their name: " + gt.text);
                }
                else
                {
                    gt.text += c;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

