[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Input

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.InputLegacyModule](UnityEngine.InputLegacyModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Interface into the Legacy Input system.

**Note: The** `Input` **class is part of the legacy Input Manager feature, and
not recommended for new projects. The documentation provided below is to
support legacy projects that use the old Input Manager and Input class. For
new projects you should use the Input System Package**. ([read
more](../Manual/Input.html))  
  
[KeyCode](KeyCode.html) maps to physical keys only if "Use Physical Keys" is
enabled in [Input Manager settings](../Manual/class-InputManager.html),
otherwise it maps to layout and platform dependent key mapping. Starting from
2022.1 "Use Physical Keys" is enabled by default.  
  
Use this class to read the axes set up in the [Conventional Game
Input](../Manual/ConventionalGameInput.html), and to access multi-
touch/accelerometer data on mobile devices.  
  
To read an axis use [Input.GetAxis](Input.GetAxis.html) with one of the
following default axes: "Horizontal" and "Vertical" are mapped to joystick,
`A`, `W`, `S`, `D` and the arrow keys. "Mouse X" and "Mouse Y" are mapped to
the mouse delta. "Fire1", "Fire2" "Fire3" are mapped to `Ctrl`, `Alt`, `Cmd`
keys and three mouse or joystick buttons. New input axes can be added. See
[Input Manager](../Manual/class-InputManager.html) for this.  
  
If you are using input for any kind of movement behaviour use
[Input.GetAxis](Input.GetAxis.html). It gives you smoothed and configurable
input that can be mapped to a keyboard, joystick or mouse. Use
[Input.GetButton](Input.GetButton.html) for action-like events only. Do not
use it for movement. [Input.GetAxis](Input.GetAxis.html) will make the script
code smaller and simpler.  
  
**Note:** [Input](Input.html) flags are not reset until `Update`. You should
make all the [Input](Input.html) calls in the `Update` Loop.  
  
Additional resources: [KeyCode](KeyCode.html) which lists all of the key
press, mouse and joystick options.  
  
**Mobile Devices:**  
  
iOS and Android devices are capable of tracking multiple fingers touching the
screen simultaneously. You can access data on the status of each finger
touching screen during the last frame by using the [Input.touches](Input-
touches.html) property array.  
  
As a device moves, its accelerometer hardware reports linear acceleration
changes along the three primary axes in three-dimensional space. You can use
this data to detect both the current orientation of the device (relative to
the ground) and any immediate changes to that orientation.  
  
Acceleration along each axis is reported directly by the hardware as G-force
values. A value of 1.0 represents a load of about +1g along a given axis while
a value of -1.0 represents -1g. If you hold the device upright (with the home
button at the bottom) in front of you, the X axis is positive along the right,
the Y axis is positive directly up, and the Z axis is positive pointing toward
you.  
  
You can use the [Input.acceleration](Input-acceleration.html) property to get
the accelerometer reading. You can also use the
[Input.deviceOrientation](Input-deviceOrientation.html) property to get a
discrete evaluation of the device's orientation in three-dimensional space.
Detecting a change in orientation can be useful if you want to create game
behaviors when the user rotates the device to hold it differently.  
  
Note that the accelerometer hardware can be polled more than once per frame.
To access all accelerometer samples since the last frame, you can use the
[Input.accelerationEvents](Input-accelerationEvents.html) property array. This
can be useful when reconstructing player motions, feeding acceleration data
into a predictor, or implementing other precise motion analysis.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if ([Input.GetButtonDown](Input.GetButtonDown.html)("Fire1"))
            {
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)([Input.mousePosition](Input-mousePosition.html));
            }
        }
    }
    

This component relates to legacy methods for drawing UI textures and images to
the screen. You should instead use UI system. This is also unrelated to the
IMGUI system.

### Static Properties

[acceleration](Input-acceleration.html)| Last measured linear acceleration of
a device in three-dimensional space. (Read Only)  
---|---  
[accelerationEventCount](Input-accelerationEventCount.html)| Number of
acceleration measurements which occurred during last frame.  
[accelerationEvents](Input-accelerationEvents.html)| Returns list of
acceleration measurements which occurred during the last frame. (Read Only)
(Allocates temporary variables).  
[anyKey](Input-anyKey.html)| Is any key or mouse button currently held down?
(Read Only)  
[anyKeyDown](Input-anyKeyDown.html)| Returns true the first frame the user
hits any key or mouse button. (Read Only)  
[backButtonLeavesApp](Input-backButtonLeavesApp.html)| Should Back button quit
the application?  
[compass](Input-compass.html)| Property for accessing compass (handheld
devices only). (Read Only)  
[compensateSensors](Input-compensateSensors.html)| This property controls if
input sensors should be compensated for screen orientation.  
[compositionCursorPos](Input-compositionCursorPos.html)| The current text
input position used by IMEs to open windows.  
[compositionString](Input-compositionString.html)| The current IME composition
string being typed by the user.  
[deviceOrientation](Input-deviceOrientation.html)| Device physical orientation
as reported by OS. (Read Only)  
[gyro](Input-gyro.html)| Returns default gyroscope.  
[imeCompositionMode](Input-imeCompositionMode.html)| Controls enabling and
disabling of IME input composition.  
[imeIsSelected](Input-imeIsSelected.html)| Does the user have an IME keyboard
input source selected?  
[inputString](Input-inputString.html)| Returns the keyboard input entered this
frame. (Read Only)  
[location](Input-location.html)| Property for accessing device location
(handheld devices only). (Read Only)  
[mousePosition](Input-mousePosition.html)| The current mouse position in pixel
coordinates. (Read Only).  
[mousePositionDelta](Input-mousePositionDelta.html)| The current mouse
position delta in pixel coordinates. (Read Only).  
[mousePresent](Input-mousePresent.html)| Indicates if a mouse device is
detected.  
[mouseScrollDelta](Input-mouseScrollDelta.html)| The current mouse scroll
delta. (Read Only)  
[multiTouchEnabled](Input-multiTouchEnabled.html)| Property indicating whether
the system handles multiple touches.  
[penEventCount](Input-penEventCount.html)| Returns the number of queued pen
events that can be accessed by calling [[GetPenEvent()]].  
[simulateMouseWithTouches](Input-simulateMouseWithTouches.html)|
Enables/Disables mouse simulation with touches. By default this option is
enabled.  
[stylusTouchSupported](Input-stylusTouchSupported.html)| Returns true when
Stylus Touch is supported by a device or platform.  
[touchCount](Input-touchCount.html)| Number of touches. Guaranteed not to
change throughout the frame. (Read Only)  
[touches](Input-touches.html)| Returns list of objects representing status of
all touches during last frame. (Read Only) (Allocates temporary variables).  
[touchPressureSupported](Input-touchPressureSupported.html)| Bool value which
let's users check if touch pressure is supported.  
[touchSupported](Input-touchSupported.html)| Returns whether the device on
which application is currently running supports touch input.  
  
### Static Methods

[ClearLastPenContactEvent](Input.ClearLastPenContactEvent.html)| Clears the
last stored pen event. Calling this function may impact event handling for
UIToolKit elements.  
---|---  
[GetAccelerationEvent](Input.GetAccelerationEvent.html)| Returns specific
acceleration measurement which occurred during last frame. (Does not allocate
temporary variables).  
[GetAxis](Input.GetAxis.html)| Returns the value of the virtual axis
identified by axisName.  
[GetAxisRaw](Input.GetAxisRaw.html)| Returns the value of the virtual axis
identified by axisName with no smoothing filtering applied.  
[GetButton](Input.GetButton.html)| Returns true while the virtual button
identified by buttonName is held down.  
[GetButtonDown](Input.GetButtonDown.html)| Returns true during the frame the
user pressed down the virtual button identified by buttonName.  
[GetButtonUp](Input.GetButtonUp.html)| Returns true the first frame the user
releases the virtual button identified by buttonName.  
[GetJoystickNames](Input.GetJoystickNames.html)| Retrieves a list of input
device names corresponding to the index of an Axis configured within Input
Manager.  
[GetKey](Input.GetKey.html)| Returns true while the user holds down the key
identified by name.  
[GetKeyDown](Input.GetKeyDown.html)| Returns true during the frame the user
starts pressing down the key identified by name.  
[GetKeyUp](Input.GetKeyUp.html)| Returns true during the frame the user
releases the key identified by name.  
[GetLastPenContactEvent](Input.GetLastPenContactEvent.html)| Returns the
PenData for the last stored pen up or down event.  
[GetMouseButton](Input.GetMouseButton.html)| Returns whether the given mouse
button is held down.  
[GetMouseButtonDown](Input.GetMouseButtonDown.html)| Returns true during the
frame the user pressed the given mouse button.  
[GetMouseButtonUp](Input.GetMouseButtonUp.html)| Returns true during the frame
the user releases the given mouse button.  
[GetPenEvent](Input.GetPenEvent.html)| Returns the PenData for the pen event
at the given index in the pen event queue.  
[GetTouch](Input.GetTouch.html)| Call Input.GetTouch to obtain a Touch struct.  
[IsJoystickPreconfigured](Input.IsJoystickPreconfigured.html)| Determine
whether a particular joystick model has been preconfigured by Unity. (Linux-
only).  
[ResetInputAxes](Input.ResetInputAxes.html)| Resets all input. After
ResetInputAxes all axes return to 0 and all buttons return to 0 for one frame.  
[ResetPenEvents](Input.ResetPenEvents.html)| Clears the pen event queue.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

