[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Input](Input.html).mousePositionDelta

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static [Vector3](Vector3.html) mousePositionDelta;

### Description

The current mouse position delta in pixel coordinates. (Read Only).

**Note: This API is part of the legacy** `Input` **class, and not recommended
for new projects. The documentation is provided here to support legacy
projects that use the old Input Manager and Input class. For new projects you
should use the newer and Input System Package**. ([read
more](../Manual/Input.html)).  
  
[Input.mousePositionDelta](Input-mousePositionDelta.html) is a
[Vector3](Vector3.html) for compatibility with functions that have
[Vector3](Vector3.html) arguments. The z component of the
[Vector3](Vector3.html) is always 0.  
  
Note: You should use [Input.mousePositionDelta](Input-mousePositionDelta.html)
instead of [[Input.mousePosition] when [Cursor.lockState](Cursor-
lockState.html) is set to [CursorLockMode.Locked](CursorLockMode.Locked.html),
since when cursor is locked, the mouse position remains stationary when moving
the mouse, thus only position delta gives you the information about mouse
movement.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

