[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# MapsOptions

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This enumerated type describes various navigational options that your app can use to receive route data from the Maps app. The values are flags, meaning they can be combined with | operator.

### Properties

[None](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.None.html)| No Maps routing information is
necessary.  
---|---  
[Airplane](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Airplane.html)| Provide routing information
for airplane travel.  
[Bike](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Bike.html)| Provide routing information for
bicycle travel.  
[Bus](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Bus.html)| Provide routing information for bus
travel.  
[Car](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Car.html)| Provide routing information for car
travel.  
[Ferry](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Ferry.html)| Provide routing information for
ferry travel.  
[Pedestrian](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Pedestrian.html)| Provide routing
information for pedestrian travel.  
[RideSharing](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.RideSharing.html)| Provide routing
information for ride sharing travel.  
[StreetCar](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.StreetCar.html)| Provide routing information
for street car travel.  
[Subway](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Subway.html)| Provide routing information for
subway travel.  
[Taxi](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Taxi.html)| Provide routing information for taxi
travel.  
[Train](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Train.html)| Provide routing information for
train travel.  
[Other](iOS.Xcode.MapsOptions.Other.html)| Provide routing information for
other types of travel.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

