[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [JsonUtility](JsonUtility.html).FromJson

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static T FromJson(string json);

### Parameters

json | The JSON representation of the object.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**T** An instance of the object.

### Description

Create an object from its JSON representation.

Internally, this method uses the Unity serializer; therefore the type you are
creating must be supported by the serializer. It must be a plain class/struct
marked with the Serializable attribute. Fields of the object must have types
supported by the serializer. Fields that have unsupported types, as well as
private fields or fields marked with the NonSerialized attribute, will be
ignored.  
  
Only plain classes and structures are supported; classes derived from
UnityEngine.Object (such as MonoBehaviour or ScriptableObject) are not. Note
that classes derived from MonoBehaviour or ScriptableObject **can** be used
with [JsonUtility.FromJsonOverwrite](JsonUtility.FromJsonOverwrite.html) as an
alternative.  
  
If the JSON representation is missing any fields, they will be given their
default values (i.e. a field of type T will have value default(T) - it will
not be given any value specified as a field initializer, as the constructor
for the object is not executed during deserialization).  
  
If the input is null or empty, FromJson returns null.  
  
The versions of this method that take strings can be called from background
threads. The versions that take a TextAsset must be called from the main
thread.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    [System.Serializable]
    public class PlayerInfo
    {
        public string name;
        public int lives;
        public float health;  
      
        public static PlayerInfo CreateFromJSON(string jsonString)
        {
            return [JsonUtility.FromJson](JsonUtility.FromJson.html)<PlayerInfo>(jsonString);
        }  
      
        // Given JSON input:
        // {"name":"Dr Charles","lives":3,"health":0.8}
        // this example will return a PlayerInfo object with
        // name == "Dr Charles", lives == 3, and health == 0.8f.
    }
    

* * *

## Declaration

public static object FromJson(string json, Type type);

### Parameters

json | The JSON representation of the object.  
---|---  
type | The type of object represented by the Json.  
  
### Returns

**object** An instance of the object.

### Description

Create an object from its JSON representation.

Internally, this method uses the Unity serializer; therefore the type you are
creating must be supported by the serializer. It must be a plain class/struct
marked with the Serializable attribute. Fields of the object must have types
supported by the serializer. Fields that have unsupported types, as well as
private fields or fields marked with the NonSerialized attribute, will be
ignored.  
  
Only plain classes and structures are supported; classes derived from
UnityEngine.Object (such as MonoBehaviour or ScriptableObject) are not. Note
that classes derived from MonoBehaviour or ScriptableObject **can** be used
with [JsonUtility.FromJsonOverwrite](JsonUtility.FromJsonOverwrite.html) as an
alternative.  
  
If the JSON representation is missing any fields, they will be given their
default values (i.e. a field of type T will have value default(T) - it will
not be given any value specified as a field initializer, as the constructor
for the object is not executed during deserialization).  
  
The versions of this method that take strings can be called from background
threads. The versions that take a TextAsset must be called from the main
thread.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

