[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [JsonUtility](JsonUtility.html).FromJsonOverwrite

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void FromJsonOverwrite(string json, object objectToOverwrite);

### Parameters

json | The JSON representation of the object.  
---|---  
objectToOverwrite | The object that should be overwritten.  
  
### Description

Overwrite data in an object by reading from its JSON representation.

This method is very similar to
[JsonUtility.FromJson](JsonUtility.FromJson.html), except that instead of
creating a new object and loading the JSON data into it, it loads the JSON
data into an existing object. This allows you to update the values stored in
classes or objects without any allocations.  
  
Internally, this method uses the Unity serializer; therefore the object you
pass in must be supported by the serializer: it must be a MonoBehaviour,
ScriptableObject, or plain class/struct with the Serializable attribute
applied. The types of fields that you want to be overwritten must be supported
by the serializer; unsupported fields will be ignored, as will private fields,
static fields, and fields with the NonSerialized attribute applied.  
  
Any plain class or structure is supported, along with classes derived from
MonoBehaviour or ScriptableObject. Other engine types are not supported. In
the Editor only, you can use
[EditorJsonUtility.FromJsonOverwrite](EditorJsonUtility.FromJsonOverwrite.html)
to overwrite other engine objects.  
  
If a field of the object is not present in the JSON representation, that field
will be left unchanged.  
  
The version of this method that takes a string can be called from background
threads. You should not alter the object that is being overwritten while the
function is running. The version of this method that takes a TextAsset cannot
be called from a background thread.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class PlayerState : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public string playerName;
        public int lives;
        public float health;  
      
        public void Load(string savedData)
        {
            [JsonUtility.FromJsonOverwrite](JsonUtility.FromJsonOverwrite.html)(savedData, this);
        }  
      
        // Given JSON input:
        // {"lives":3, "health":0.8}
        // the Load function will change the object on which it is called such that
        // lives == 3 and health == 0.8
        // the 'playerName' field will be left unchanged
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

