[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Keyframe

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A single keyframe that can be injected into an animation curve.

### Properties

[inTangent](Keyframe-inTangent.html)| Sets the incoming tangent for this key.
The incoming tangent affects the slope of the curve from the previous key to
this key.  
---|---  
[inWeight](Keyframe-inWeight.html)| Sets the incoming weight for this key. The
incoming weight affects the slope of the curve from the previous key to this
key.  
[outTangent](Keyframe-outTangent.html)| Sets the outgoing tangent for this
key. The outgoing tangent affects the slope of the curve from this key to the
next key.  
[outWeight](Keyframe-outWeight.html)| Sets the outgoing weight for this key.
The outgoing weight affects the slope of the curve from this key to the next
key.  
[time](Keyframe-time.html)| The time of the keyframe.  
[value](Keyframe-value.html)| The value of the curve at keyframe.  
[weightedMode](Keyframe-weightedMode.html)| Weighted mode for the keyframe.  
  
### Constructors

[Keyframe](Keyframe-ctor.html)| Create a keyframe.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

