[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [LightingSettings](LightingSettings.html).directionalityMode

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-LightingSettings.html "Go to
LightingSettings Component in the Manual")

public [LightmapsMode](LightmapsMode.html) directionalityMode;

### Description

Determines whether the lightmapper should generate directional or non-
directional lightmaps. (Editor only).

When this is set to `Directional`, Unity generates an additional lightmap that
encodes a vector for the dominant direction of incoming light at each texel’s
position. When this is set to `Non-Directional`, Unity does not generate these
additional lightmaps.  
  
The use of directional lightmaps can improve the rendering of normal mapped
materials, but at the cost of increased storage and memory.  
  
Directional lightmaps cannot be decoded on SM2.0 hardware; in these cases,
Unity falls back to using non-directional lightmaps.  
  
This property determines whether the next bake will produce directional or
non-directional lightmaps. You can access whether the previous bake produced
directional or non-directional lightmaps using the
[LightmapSettings.lightmapsMode](LightmapSettings-lightmapsMode.html)
property.  
  
This setting affects lightmaps generated by the Baked Global Illumination
system.  
  
When Unity serializes this `LightingSettings` object as a [Lighting Settings
Asset](../Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), this property corresponds to
the **Directional Mode** property in the Lighting Settings Asset Inspector.  
  
Additional resources: [Lighting Settings Asset](../Manual/class-
LightingSettings.html),[Directional
lightmapping](../Manual/LightmappingDirectional.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

