[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [LightingSettings](LightingSettings.html).aoMaxDistance

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-LightingSettings.html "Go to
LightingSettings Component in the Manual")

public float aoMaxDistance;

### Description

The distance that a ray travels before Unity considers it to be unoccluded
when calculating ambient occlusion in lightmaps. (Editor only).

Ambient occlusion (AO) is an effect that approximates how much ambient light a
given point on a surface receives. When you apply AO to a Scene, areas of
concavity - such as creases, holes and adjacent surfaces - appear darker.  
  
Unity calculates AO by casting rays in a hemisphere from lightmapped texels.
This value determines the length that a ray travels before Unity considers it
to be unoccluded.  
  
Larger values produce longer rays, which increases the search radius. This
means that wider areas of concavity will appear darker. Lower values produce
shorter rays, which means that areas of concavity must be tighter in order to
appear darker. A value of 0 produces an infinitely long ray, meaning all
geometry is considered. The default value is 1.  
  
This setting affects lightmaps generated by the Baked Global Illumination
system. Note that this property relates only to baked AO, and has no effect on
any real-time AO post-processing effects.  
  
When Unity serializes this `LightingSettings` object as a [Lighting Settings
Asset](../Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), this property corresponds to
the **Max Distance** property in the Lighting Settings Asset Inspector.  
  
Additional resources: [Lighting Settings Asset](../Manual/class-
LightingSettings.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

