[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [LightingSettings](LightingSettings.html).denoiserTypeDirect

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-LightingSettings.html "Go to
LightingSettings Component in the Manual")

public [LightingSettings.DenoiserType](LightingSettings.DenoiserType.html)
denoiserTypeDirect;

### Description

Determines the denoiser that the Progressive Lightmapper applies to direct
lighting. (Editor only).

Use denoising to remove visual noise from your lightmaps. Denoising can reduce
the number of samples needed to achieve smooth lightmapped results. It can
also avoid artifacts such as light leaking and detail loss which are
associated with aggressive filtering.  
  
This setting affects lightmaps generated by the Baked Global Illumination
system. It only applies to the the Progressive Lightmapper.  
  
When Unity serializes this `LightingSettings` object as a [Lighting Settings
Asset](../Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), this property corresponds to
the **Direct Denoiser** property in the Lighting Settings Asset Inspector.  
  
Additional resources: [Lighting Settings Asset](../Manual/class-
LightingSettings.html), [DenoiserType](LightingSettings.DenoiserType.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

