[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [LightProbes](LightProbes.html).needsRetetrahedralization

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

An event which is called when the number of currently loaded light probes
changes due to additive scene loading or unloading.

For GameObjects rendered using light probe data, Unity uses a tetrahedral
space mapping to calculate which light probes to use when rendering each
GameObject based on the object's position.  
  
When new light probe data is added or existing light probe data is removed,
the tetrahedral space mapping between the light probe positions needs to be
re-calculated to account for the new light probes which have been additively
loaded in, or for the removed probes which belonged to a scene that was
unloaded.  
  
This `needsRetetrahedralization` event is triggered when you either additively
load or unload Scenes which contain light probe data, allowing you to decide
when you should make the call to
[LightProbes.Tetrahedralize](LightProbes.Tetrahedralize.html) or
[LightProbes.TetrahedralizeAsync](LightProbes.TetrahedralizeAsync.html) to
retetrahedralize the light probe data.  
  
Because light probe data is considered to be external data that is referenced
in the scene, but is not part of the scene itself, it is asynchronously loaded
and can sometimes load in after the scene load/unload operation appears to
have completed.  
  
Therefore if you are loading or unloading scenes which contain light probe
data, you should use this event to determine when to retetrahedralize, rather
than relying on the [SceneManager.sceneLoaded](SceneManagement.SceneManager-
sceneLoaded.html) event, because when the sceneLoaded event is called, the new
light probe data may not yet be up-to-date.  
  
In addition, if you are loading multiple scenes which each contain additional
light probe data, you should wait for the corresponding number of
`needsRetetrahedralization` events before retetrahedralizing the light probe
data, because recalculating it after each event would be time-consuming and
unnecessary. For example, if you were to additively load five scenes which
each contain light probe data, you should wait for all five
needsRetetrahedralization events before calling
[LightProbes.Tetrahedralize](LightProbes.Tetrahedralize.html) or
[LightProbes.TetrahedralizeAsync](LightProbes.TetrahedralizeAsync.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

