[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# DataType

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A data type that defines the default behaviors for how to draw and compare
items in the columns.

### Properties

[Name](LightingExplorerTableColumn.DataType.Name.html)| Draws a name field,
and handles comparison for sorting. Also implements a search field for
filtering the rows.  
---|---  
[Checkbox](LightingExplorerTableColumn.DataType.Checkbox.html)| Draws a
checkbox, and handles comparison for sorting.  
[Enum](LightingExplorerTableColumn.DataType.Enum.html)| Draws an enum field,
and handles comparison for sorting.  
[Int](LightingExplorerTableColumn.DataType.Int.html)| Draws an int field, and
handles comparison for sorting.  
[Float](LightingExplorerTableColumn.DataType.Float.html)| Draws a float field,
and handles comparison for sorting.  
[Color](LightingExplorerTableColumn.DataType.Color.html)| Draws a color box,
and handles comparison for sorting.  
[Custom](LightingExplorerTableColumn.DataType.Custom.html)| No drawing or
comparison for sorting. Please use the delegates in the constructor to
override these.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

