[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [LightingSettings](LightingSettings.html).aoExponentIndirect

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-LightingSettings.html "Go to
LightingSettings Component in the Manual")

public float aoExponentIndirect;

### Description

Sets the contrast of ambient occlusion that Unity applies to indirect lighting
in lightmaps. (Editor only).

Ambient occlusion (AO) is an effect that approximates how much ambient light a
given point on a surface receives. When you apply AO to a Scene, areas of
concavity - such as creases, holes and adjacent surfaces - appear darker.  
  
This property determines how much indirect lighting - such as bounced light
and skylight - contributes to ambient occlusion calculations.  
  
The range is 0 through 10. The default value is 0. Higher values result in
occluded areas becoming increasingly darker.  
  
This setting affects lightmaps generated by the Baked Global Illumination
system. Note that this property relates only to baked AO, and has no effect on
any real-time AO post-processing effects.  
  
When Unity serializes this `LightingSettings` object as a [Lighting Settings
Asset](../Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), this property corresponds to
the **Indirect Contribution** property in the Lighting Settings Asset
Inspector.  
  
Additional resources: [Lighting Settings Asset](../Manual/class-
LightingSettings.html), [aoExponentDirect](LightingSettings-
aoExponentDirect.html)<.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

