[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [LocationService](LocationService.html).Start

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void Start();

## Declaration

public void Start(float desiredAccuracyInMeters);

## Declaration

public void Start(float desiredAccuracyInMeters, float
updateDistanceInMeters);

### Parameters

desiredAccuracyInMeters | The service accuracy you want to use, in meters. This determines the accuracy of the device's last location coordinates. Higher values like 500 don't require the device to use its GPS chip and thus save battery power. Lower values like 5-10 provide the best accuracy but require the GPS chip and thus use more battery power. The default value is 10 meters.  
---|---  
updateDistanceInMeters | The minimum distance, in meters, that the device must move laterally before Unity updates [Input.location](Input-location.html). Higher values like 500 produce fewer updates and are less resource intensive to process. The default is 10 meters.  
  
### Description

Starts location service updates.

After you call this function, you can access the device's last location
coordinates by checking [lastData](LocationService-lastData.html) in
[Input.location](Input-location.html).  
  
**Note** : The location service doesn't start to send location data
immediately. Therefore, check the [current service status](LocationService-
status.html) in [Input.location](Input-location.html).  
  
On Android, using this method in scripts automatically adds the
`ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` permission to the android manifest. If you use low
accuracy values like 500 or higher, select **Low Accuracy Location** in
[Player Settings](../Manual/class-PlayerSettings.html) to add the
`ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION` permission instead.  
  
On WebGL, this method must be invoked as a response to a user gesture (such as
a mouse click) within a coroutine. **Note:** Geolocation services are
available only with an HTTPS connection, except during development when you
might use http://localhost. The use of `desiredAccuracyInMeters` and
`updateDistanceInMeters` isn't supported since the user device determines
those two values.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class TestLocationService : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        IEnumerator Start()
        {
            // Check if the user has location service enabled.
            if (!Input.location.isEnabledByUser)
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("[Location](FilePathAttribute.Location.html) not enabled on device or app does not have permission to access location");  
      
            // Starts the location service.
            Input.location.Start();  
      
            // Waits until the location service initializes
            int maxWait = 20;
            while (Input.location.status == [LocationServiceStatus.Initializing](LocationServiceStatus.Initializing.html) && maxWait > 0)
            {
                yield return new [WaitForSeconds](WaitForSeconds.html)(1);
                maxWait--;
            }  
      
            // If the service didn't initialize in 20 seconds this cancels location service use.
            if (maxWait < 1)
            {
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Timed out");
                yield break;
            }  
      
            // If the connection failed this cancels location service use.
            if (Input.location.status == [LocationServiceStatus.Failed](LocationServiceStatus.Failed.html))
            {
                [Debug.LogError](Debug.LogError.html)("Unable to determine device location");
                yield break;
            }
            else
            {
                // If the connection succeeded, this retrieves the device's current location and displays it in the Console window.
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("[Location](FilePathAttribute.Location.html): " + Input.location.lastData.latitude + " " + Input.location.lastData.longitude + " " + Input.location.lastData.altitude + " " + Input.location.lastData.horizontalAccuracy + " " + Input.location.lastData.timestamp);
            }  
      
            // Stops the location service if there is no need to query location updates continuously.
            Input.location.Stop();
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

