[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Material](Material.html).ApplyPropertyOverride

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Material.html "Go to Material Component in
the Manual")

## Declaration

public void ApplyPropertyOverride([Material](Material.html) destination,
string name, bool recordUndo);

## Declaration

public void ApplyPropertyOverride([Material](Material.html) destination, int
nameID, bool recordUndo);

### Parameters

destination | The Material to which the Editor applies the override.  
---|---  
nameID | Property name ID, use [Shader.PropertyToID](Shader.PropertyToID.html) to get it.  
name | Property name, e.g. "_SrcBlend".  
recordUndo | Wheter the editor should record an undo operation for this action.  
  
### Description

Applies an override associated with a Material Variant to a target.

Sets the value of a property of this Material on a destination Material. The
destination material must be an ancestor of this Material. After you apply an
override, the Editor no longer marks the associated Property as overriden, and
discards any change of the property on ancestors of this Material up to the
destination Material. Note that this method is Editor-only.  
  
Additional resources: [Material.IsChildOf](Material.IsChildOf.html),
[Material.IsPropertyOverriden](Material.IsPropertyOverriden.html),
[Material.RevertPropertyOverride](Material.RevertPropertyOverride.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

