[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Material](Material.html).renderQueue

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Material.html "Go to Material Component in
the Manual")

public int renderQueue;

### Description

Render queue of this material.

By default materials use [render queue](../Manual/SL-SubShaderTags.html) of
the shader it uses. You can override the render queue used using this
variable. Note that if a shader on the material is changed, the render queue
resets to that of the shader itself.  
  
Render queue value should be in [0..5000] range to work properly; or -1 to use
the render queue from the shader.  
  
Note: When Unity runs in batch mode, it does not load Scriptable Render
Pipelines (SRPs) until the first time something renders. Loading an SRP
modifies the sub-shader selected for a given material which can lead to the
value this function returns being different than expected.  
  
Additional resources: [Shader.renderQueue](Shader-renderQueue.html),
[RenderQueue](Rendering.RenderQueue.html) enum, [subshader tags](../Manual/SL-
SubShaderTags.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

