[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Mathf](Mathf.html).MoveTowardsAngle

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Mathf.html "Go to Mathf Component in the
Manual")

## Declaration

public static float MoveTowardsAngle(float current, float target, float
maxDelta);

### Description

Same as [MoveTowards](Mathf.MoveTowards.html) but makes sure the values
interpolate correctly when they wrap around 360 degrees.

Variables `current` and `target` are assumed to be in degrees. For
optimization reasons, negative values of `maxDelta` are not supported and may
cause oscillation. To push `current` away from a target angle, add 180 to that
angle instead.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        float target = 270.0f;
        float speed = 45.0f;  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            float angle = [Mathf.MoveTowardsAngle](Mathf.MoveTowardsAngle.html)(transform.eulerAngles.y, target, speed * [Time.deltaTime](Time-deltaTime.html));
            transform.eulerAngles = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(0, angle, 0);
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

