[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Method group is Obsolete**  

#  [MemorySnapshot](MemoryProfiler.MemorySnapshot.html).RequestNewSnapshot

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

**Obsolete** Use Unity.Profiling.Memory.MemoryProfiler.TakeSnapshot() instead.

## Declaration

public static void RequestNewSnapshot();

### Description

Requests a new snapshot from the currently connected target of the profiler.
Memory snapshots are supported on IL2CPP and Mono .NET 3.5/4.0 scripting
backends, although .NET 3.5 has been deprecated as of 2018.3.  
  
**NOTE:** Each snapshot consists of approximately one managed object per
recorded managed object. Snapshots taken from the editor will contain the
objects in all previous snapshots that have not yet been garbage-collected.
Therefore, repeated snapshots of the editor may grow exponentially. If you no
longer need an old snapshot it is therefore advisable to null all references
to it and call GC.Collect() before taking another one.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

