[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Mesh.MeshData](Mesh.MeshData.html).GetIndexData

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Mesh.html "Go to Mesh Component in the
Manual")

## Declaration

public NativeArray<T> GetIndexData();

### Returns

**NativeArray <T>** Returns a `NativeArray` containing the index buffer data.

### Description

Gets raw data from the index buffer of the `MeshData`.

`GetIndexData` returns a direct "pointer" into the raw index buffer data
without any memory allocations, data copies or conversions. You do not need to
dispose of the returned `NativeArray`, because it does not represent a new
memory allocation.  
  
You need to know the exact Mesh data layout work with this data, including the
presence and formats of all vertex attributes. The data layout matches the one
from [Mesh.SetIndexBufferData](Mesh.SetIndexBufferData.html). Typically,
Meshes with a 16 bit index format use the `ushort` data type, and Meshes with
a 32 bit index format use the `int` data type.  
  
If the `MeshData` is writeable, and you have set the index buffer size and
format using
[Mesh.MeshData.SetIndexBufferParams](Mesh.MeshData.SetIndexBufferParams.html),
you can write indices directly to the array. If the `MeshData` is read-only,
the array is read-only.  
  
Additional resources:
[Mesh.AllocateWritableMeshData](Mesh.AllocateWritableMeshData.html),
[Mesh.AcquireReadOnlyMeshData](Mesh.AcquireReadOnlyMeshData.html),
[Mesh.MeshData.SetIndexBufferParams](Mesh.MeshData.SetIndexBufferParams.html).

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Rendering;
    public class ExampleScript : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            var mesh = new [Mesh](Mesh.html)();
            mesh.vertices = new[] {[Vector3.one](Vector3-one.html), [Vector3.zero](Vector3-zero.html), [Vector3.up](Vector3-up.html)};
            mesh.indexFormat = [IndexFormat.UInt16](Rendering.IndexFormat.UInt16.html);
            mesh.triangles = new[] {2, 0, 1};
            using (var data = [Mesh.AcquireReadOnlyMeshData](Mesh.AcquireReadOnlyMeshData.html)(mesh))
            {
                var indices = data[0].GetIndexData<ushort>();
                // prints 2, 0, 1
                foreach (var i in indices)
                    [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)(i);
            }
        }
    }
    

Additional resources:
[Mesh.SetIndexBufferParams](Mesh.SetIndexBufferParams.html),
[Mesh.SetIndexBufferData](Mesh.SetIndexBufferData.html),
[GetVertexData](Mesh.MeshData.GetVertexData.html),
[Mesh.AcquireReadOnlyMeshData](Mesh.AcquireReadOnlyMeshData.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

