[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Mesh](Mesh.html).GetIndexBuffer

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Mesh.html "Go to Mesh Component in the
Manual")

## Declaration

public [GraphicsBuffer](GraphicsBuffer.html) GetIndexBuffer();

### Returns

**GraphicsBuffer** The mesh index buffer as a
[GraphicsBuffer](GraphicsBuffer.html).

### Description

Retrieves a [GraphicsBuffer](GraphicsBuffer.html) to the GPU index buffer.

Most of the `Mesh` methods work on a CPU copy of the mesh data, which Unity
then uploads to the GPU. For example,
[SetIndexBufferData](Mesh.SetIndexBufferData.html) modifies CPU copy of the
data, and [UploadMeshData](Mesh.UploadMeshData.html) sends the CPU copy of the
data to the GPU.  
  
You can access the GPU copy of the index buffer directly using
`GetIndexBuffer`. This allows more direct manipulation of the mesh index data
on the GPU, which can potentially improve performance. However, any
modifications that you make to the index data this way will not be reflected
in the CPU copy of the mesh data.  
  
You can also use this method to make the index buffer available for reading or
writing in a [ComputeShader](ComputeShader.html). To do that, first request an
appropriate buffer binding target via [indexBufferTarget](Mesh-
indexBufferTarget.html), then get the mesh data using `GetIndexBuffer`, and
then set it up as a parameter for your shaders using ComputeBuffer.SetBuffer,
[Material.SetBuffer](Material.SetBuffer.html) and similar methods.  
  
If you modify the CPU copy of the data, this can cause the GPU index buffer to
be re-created; in that case, you must call `GetIndexBuffer` again.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class ExampleScript : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public [Mesh](Mesh.html) mesh;
        public [ComputeShader](ComputeShader.html) computeShader;
        void Start()
        {
            // Mark the index buffer as needing "Raw"
            // (ByteAddressBuffer, RWByteAddressBuffer in HLSL shaders)
            // access.
            mesh.indexBufferTarget |= [GraphicsBuffer.Target.Raw](GraphicsBuffer.Target.Raw.html);
            // Get the index buffer of the [Mesh](Mesh.html), and set it up
            // as a buffer parameter to a compute shader.
            var indexBuffer = mesh.GetIndexBuffer();
            computeShader.SetBuffer(0, "MeshIndexBuffer", indexBuffer);
            indexBuffer.Dispose();
        }
    }
    

Additional resources: [GetVertexBuffer](Mesh.GetVertexBuffer.html),
[indexBufferTarget](Mesh-indexBufferTarget.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

