[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Mesh](Mesh.html).OptimizeReorderVertexBuffer

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Mesh.html "Go to Mesh Component in the
Manual")

## Declaration

public void OptimizeReorderVertexBuffer();

### Description

Optimizes the vertices of the Mesh to improve rendering performance.

This function causes the vertices of the mesh to be reordered internally in an
attempt to improve vertex cache utilisation on the graphics hardware and thus
rendering performance. This operation can take a few seconds or more for
complex meshes and should only be used where the ordering of the vertices is
not significant as it will change - the order of the geometry itself is
unaffected.  
  
You should only use this function on meshes you generate procedurally in code,
for regular mesh assets it is called automatically by the import pipeline when
'Optimize Mesh' is enabled in the mesh importer settings.  
  
Additional resources: [Optimize](Mesh.Optimize.html),
[OptimizeIndexBuffers](Mesh.OptimizeIndexBuffers.html)

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            [Mesh](Mesh.html) mesh = gameObject.GetComponent<[MeshFilter](MeshFilter.html)>().mesh;
            mesh.OptimizeReorderVertexBuffer();
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

