[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# MeshPreview

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Use this class to render an interactive preview of a mesh.

Use this class from an [ObjectPreview](ObjectPreview.html) or
[Editor.OnPreviewGUI](Editor.OnPreviewGUI.html) to render an interactive mesh
preview.

### Properties

[mesh](MeshPreview-mesh.html)| The Mesh to display in the preview space.  
---|---  
  
### Constructors

[MeshPreview](MeshPreview-ctor.html)| Creates a new MeshPreview instance with
a Mesh target.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[Dispose](MeshPreview.Dispose.html)| Releases allocated resources associated
with this object.  
---|---  
[OnPreviewGUI](MeshPreview.OnPreviewGUI.html)| Call this from an
Editor.OnPreviewGUI or ObjectPreview.OnPreviewGUI to draw a mesh preview.  
[OnPreviewSettings](MeshPreview.OnPreviewSettings.html)| Call this from
Editor.OnPreviewSettings or ObjectPreview.OnPreviewSettings to draw additional
settings related to the mesh preview.  
[RenderStaticPreview](MeshPreview.RenderStaticPreview.html)| Creates a texture
preview to override Editor.RenderStaticPreview. The current mesh will be
drawn.  
  
### Static Methods

[GetInfoString](MeshPreview.GetInfoString.html)| Returns a short summary of
the Mesh attributes (ex, does this mesh contain positions, normals, tangents,
etc...).  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

