[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [MeshCollider](MeshCollider.html).cookingOptions

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-MeshCollider.html "Go to MeshCollider
Component in the Manual")

public [MeshColliderCookingOptions](MeshColliderCookingOptions.html)
cookingOptions;

### Description

Options used to enable or disable certain features in mesh cooking.

Mesh cooking is a process of turning a normal mesh into a mesh that is
suitable for use in the physics engine. Cooking builds the spatial search
structures for the physics queries such as
[Physics.Raycast](Physics.Raycast.html) as well as supporting structures for
the contacts generation. Any mesh has to be cooked before using it runtime.
This can happen at import time (if you set the "Generate Colliders" option of
the ModelImporter) or run-time.  
  
Mostly useful when generating meshes run-time as it allows to disable certain
validity checks that take time to run. Note that with the validity checks
disabled, it's the user's responsibilty to provide valid data, otherwise the
behaviour might be undefined.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

