[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html).Awake()

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html "Go to MonoBehaviour
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Unity calls `Awake` when an enabled script instance is being loaded.

Unity calls `Awake` on scripts derived from `MonoBehaviour` in the following
scenarios:

  * The parent GameObject is active and initializes on Scene load
  * The parent GameObject goes from inactive to active
  * After initialization of a parent GameObject created with [Object.Instantiate](Object.Instantiate.html)

Use `Awake` to initialize variables or states before the application starts.  
  
Unity calls `Awake` only once during the lifetime of the script instance. A
script's lifetime lasts until the Scene that contains it is unloaded. If the
Scene is loaded again, Unity loads the script instance again and calls `Awake`
again. If the Scene is loaded multiple times additively, Unity loads several
script instances, and `Awake` is called once for each instance.  
  
For active GameObjects placed in a Scene, Unity calls `Awake` after all active
GameObjects in the Scene are initialized, so you can safely use methods such
as [GameObject.FindWithTag](GameObject.FindWithTag.html) to query other
GameObjects.  
  
The order in which Unity calls each GameObject's `Awake` is not deterministic.
Because of this, you should not rely on `Awake` being called on one GameObject
before or after another. For example, you should not assume that a reference
set up by one GameObject's `Awake` will be usable in another GameObject's
`Awake`. Instead, you should use `Awake` to set up references between scripts,
and use [Start](MonoBehaviour.Start.html), which is called after all `Awake`
calls are finished, to pass any information back and forth.  
  
`Awake` is always called before any [Start](MonoBehaviour.Start.html)
functions. This allows you to order initialization of scripts. `Awake` is
called even if the script is a disabled component of an active GameObject. If
a script component's `Awake` throws an exception, Unity disables the
component. `Awake` cannot act as a coroutine.  
  
Use `Awake` instead of the constructor for initialization, as the serialized
state of the component is undefined at construction time. `Awake` is called
once, just like the constructor.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        private [GameObject](GameObject.html) target;  
      
        void Awake()
        {
            target = [GameObject.FindWithTag](GameObject.FindWithTag.html)("Player");
        }
    }
    

An inactive [GameObject](GameObject.html) can be activated when
[GameObject.SetActive](GameObject.SetActive.html) is called on it.  
  
  
The following two example scripts **Example1** and **Example2** work together,
and illustrate two timings when Awake() is called.  
To reproduce the example, create a scene with two GameObjects Cube1 and Cube2.
Assign Example1 as a script component to Cube1, and set Cube1 as inactive, by
unchecking the Inspector top-left check box (Cube1 will become invisible).
Assign Example2 as a script component to Cube2, and set Cube1 as its `GO`
variable.  
Enter Play mode: pressing the space key will execute code in Example2.Update
that activates Cube1, and causes Example1.Awake() to be called.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    // Make sure that Cube1 is assigned this script and is inactive at the start of the game.  
      
    public class Example1 : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Awake()
        {
            // Prints first
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Example1.Awake() was called");
        }  
      
        void Start()
        {
            // Prints second
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Example1.Start() was called");
        }  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if ([Input.GetKeyDown](Input.GetKeyDown.html)("b"))
            {
                // Prints Last if "b" is pressed
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("b key was pressed");
            }
        }
    }
    

Example2. This causes Example1.Awake() to be called. The Space key is used to
perform this:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example2 : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        // Assign Cube1 to this variable GO before running the example
        public [GameObject](GameObject.html) GO;  
      
        void Awake()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Example2.Awake() was called");
        }  
      
        void Start()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Example2.Start() was called");
        }  
      
        // track if Cube1 was already activated
        private bool activateGO = true;  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if (activateGO == true)
            {
                if ([Input.GetKeyDown](Input.GetKeyDown.html)("space"))
                {
                    [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("space key was pressed");
                    GO.SetActive(true);
                    activateGO = false;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

