[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html).Start()

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html "Go to MonoBehaviour
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Start is called on the frame when a script is enabled just before any of the
Update methods are called the first time.

Like the [Awake](MonoBehaviour.Awake.html) function, Start is called exactly
once in the lifetime of the script. Start may not be called on the same frame
as [Awake](MonoBehaviour.Awake.html) if the script is not enabled at
initialisation time.  
  
The [Awake](MonoBehaviour.Awake.html) function is called on all objects in the
Scene before any object's Start function is called. This fact is useful in
cases where object A's initialisation code needs to rely on object B's already
being initialised; B's initialisation should be done in
[Awake](MonoBehaviour.Awake.html), while A's should be done in Start.  
  
Where objects are instantiated during gameplay, their
[Awake](MonoBehaviour.Awake.html) function is called after the Start functions
of Scene objects have already completed.  
  
The Start function can be defined as a [Coroutine](Coroutine.html), which
allows [Start](MonoBehaviour.Start.html) to suspend its execution (yield).

    
    
    // Initializes the target variable.
    // target is private and thus not editable in the Inspector  
      
    // The ExampleClass starts with Awake.  The [GameObject](GameObject.html) class has activeSelf
    // set to false.  When activeSelf is set to true the Start() and [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
    // functions will be called causing the ExampleClass to run.
    // Note that ExampleClass (Script) in the Inspector is turned off.  It
    // needs to be ticked to make script call Start.  
      
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        private float update;  
      
        void Awake()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Awake");
            update = 0.0f;
        }  
      
        IEnumerator Start()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Start1");
            yield return new [WaitForSeconds](WaitForSeconds.html)(2.5f);
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Start2");
        }  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            update += [Time.deltaTime](Time-deltaTime.html);
            if (update > 1.0f)
            {
                update = 0.0f;
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("[Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)");
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

