[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html).OnValidate()

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-MonoBehaviour.html "Go to MonoBehaviour
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Editor-only function that Unity calls when the script is loaded or a value
changes in the Inspector.

Use this to perform an action after a value changes in the Inspector; for
example, making sure that data stays within a certain range.  
  
OnValidate is called at various stages during the Editor's normal operation,
such as loading scenes, building a player, and entering Play Mode. See [the
details of entering Play Mode](../Manual/configurable-enter-play-mode-
details.html).  
  
**Note:** You should not use this callback to do other tasks such as create
objects or call other non-thread-safe Unity API. You should only use it to
validate the data that changed. This restriction is because OnValidate can be
called often when the user interacts with an inspector in the Editor, and
because OnValidate can be called from threads other than Unity's main thread,
such as the loading thread.  
  
**Note:** You cannot reliably perform Camera rendering operations here.
Instead, you should add a listener to
[EditorApplication.update](EditorApplication-update.html), and perform the
rendering during the next Editor Update call.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

