[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [ChannelService](MPE.ChannelService.html).GetOrCreateChannel

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static
[Unity.Android.Gradle.Manifest.Action](Unity.Android.Gradle.Manifest.Action.html)
GetOrCreateChannel(string channelName, Action<int,byte[]> handler);

### Parameters

channelName | The name of the channel to retrieve.  
---|---  
handler | The channel handler to register.  
  
### Returns

**Action** This action can be invoked to unregister the handler from the
channel (see
[ChannelService.UnregisterMessageHandler](MPE.ChannelService.UnregisterMessageHandler.html)).

### Description

Gets or creates a new channel.

When you create a channel, the ChannelService listens to connections on it,
and routes all messages sent to it. You have to register a handler to process
the messages and send them back to other clients."  
  
If a channel with the same name already exists, it appends the handler to its
list of handlers. This allows you to log or listen to all messages sent to a
specific channel.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

