[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [UnityWebRequest](Networking.UnityWebRequest.html).SetRequestHeader

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void SetRequestHeader(string name, string value);

### Parameters

name | The key of the header to be set. Case-sensitive.  
---|---  
value | The header's intended value.  
  
### Description

Set a HTTP request header to a custom value.

Header keys and values must be valid according to HTTP protocol specification.
Neither string may contain certain illegal characters, such as control
characters. Both strings must be non-null and contain a minimum of 1
character. For more information, see [HTTP
specifications](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/).  
  
This method can't be called after
[SendWebRequest](Networking.UnityWebRequest.SendWebRequest.html) is called.  
  
It is not recommended to set these headers to these custom values: `Accept-
Charset`, `Accept-Encoding`, `Access-Control-Request-Headers`, `Access-
Control-Request-Method`, `Connection`, `Date`, `Dnt`, `Expect`, `Host`, `Keep-
Alive`, `Origin`, `Referer`, `Te`, `Trailer`, `Transfer-Encoding`, `Upgrade`,
`Via`. Due to different limitations across platforms, the custom value might
be overridden, ignored, or unsupported, therefore the resulting behavior is
unreliable. It is strongly recommended to leave these headers for automatic
handling unless you want to risk viewing any unexpected results.  
  
The `Accept-Encoding` header is automatically set to supported encodings. Use
of a different value is ignored or might cause request to fail. For more
information, refer to the [Mozilla docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-
US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Accept-Encoding) on Accept-Encoding.  
  
The `Content-Length` header is automatically populated based on the contents
of the attached [DownloadHandler](Networking.DownloadHandler.html) if any, and
can't be set to a custom value.  
  
The `X-Unity-Version` header is automatically set by Unity and might not be
set to a custom value.  
  
The `User-Agent` header is automatically set by Unity and it's not recommended
to set it to a custom value.  
  
The `Cookie` and `Cookie2` headers are automatically managed by the underlying
cookie engine. While the exact behavior is dependant on the platform used,
typically, setting cookies via this header appends them to those set by
engine. Additional resources:
[ClearCookieCache](Networking.UnityWebRequest.ClearCookieCache.html).  
  
In addition, the following headers are filled by the Web browser on the
**Web** platform, and therefore might not have any custom values set:
`Cookie`, `Cookie2`, `User-Agent`.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

