[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# DownloadedTextureParams

struct in UnityEngine.Networking

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule](UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Parameters for the texture to be created.

Refer to [Texture2D](Texture2D.html) for more details about these parameters.

### Static Properties

[Default](Networking.DownloadedTextureParams.Default.html)| Returns parameters
set to recommended values. It is recommended to use this for the initial
values and modify only specific parameters that you need.  
---|---  
  
### Properties

[flags](Networking.DownloadedTextureParams-flags.html)| A set of properties
the created texture should have.  
---|---  
[linearColorSpace](Networking.DownloadedTextureParams-linearColorSpace.html)|
Check or change the flag for linear color space in flags variable.  
[mipmapChain](Networking.DownloadedTextureParams-mipmapChain.html)| Check or
change the flag for mipmaps in flags variable.  
[mipmapCount](Networking.DownloadedTextureParams-mipmapCount.html)| Number of
mipmaps to generate for the created texture.  
[readable](Networking.DownloadedTextureParams-readable.html)| Check or change
the flag for readability in flags variable.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

