[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [UnityWebRequest](Networking.UnityWebRequest.html).Dispose

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void Dispose();

### Description

Signals that this [UnityWebRequest](Networking.UnityWebRequest.html) is no
longer being used, and should clean up any resources it is using.

You must call Dispose once you have finished using a
[UnityWebRequest](Networking.UnityWebRequest.html) object, regardless of
whether the request succeeded or failed.  
  
For safety, it is usually a best practice to employ the [using
statement](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/yh598w02.aspx) to ensure
that a [UnityWebRequest] is properly cleaned up in case of uncaught
exceptions.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Networking;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class MyExampleBehaviour : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public IEnumerator Start()
        {
            using ([UnityWebRequest](Networking.UnityWebRequest.html) request = [UnityWebRequest.Get](Networking.UnityWebRequest.Get.html)("https://my-website.com"))
            {
                yield return request.SendWebRequest();
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Server responded: " + request.downloadHandler.text);
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

