[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# MultipartFormDataSection

class in UnityEngine.Networking

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule](UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.html)

Leave feedback

  

Implements
interfaces:[IMultipartFormSection](Networking.IMultipartFormSection.html)

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A helper object for form sections containing generic, non-file data.

This helper object is used similarly to the [WWWForm](WWWForm.html) method
WWWForm.AddData. It is used to define non-file form sections.

### Properties

[contentType](Networking.MultipartFormDataSection-contentType.html)| Returns
the value to use in this section's Content-Type header.  
---|---  
[fileName](Networking.MultipartFormDataSection-fileName.html)| Returns a
string denoting the desired filename of this section on the destination
server.  
[sectionData](Networking.MultipartFormDataSection-sectionData.html)| Returns
the raw binary data contained in this section. Will not return null or a zero-
length array.  
[sectionName](Networking.MultipartFormDataSection-sectionName.html)| Returns
the name of this section, if any.  
  
### Constructors

[MultipartFormDataSection](Networking.MultipartFormDataSection-ctor.html)| Raw
data section, unnamed and no Content-Type header.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

