[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [UnityWebRequest](Networking.UnityWebRequest.html).EscapeURL

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static string EscapeURL(string s);

## Declaration

public static string EscapeURL(string s, Encoding e);

### Parameters

s | A string with characters to be escaped.  
---|---  
e | The text encoding to use.  
  
### Description

Escapes characters in a string to ensure they are URL-friendly.

Certain text characters have special meanings when present in URLs. If you
need to include those characters in URL parameters then you must represent
them with escape sequences. It is recommended that you use this function on
any text supplied by a user before passing the text as a URL parameter. This
will ensure that a malicious user can't manipulate the contents of the URL to
attack the webserver. See Also:
[UnityWebRequest.UnEscapeURL](Networking.UnityWebRequest.UnEscapeURL.html).

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Networking;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            string escName = [UnityWebRequest.EscapeURL](Networking.UnityWebRequest.EscapeURL.html)("Fish & Chips");
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

