[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [UnityWebRequest](Networking.UnityWebRequest.html).useHttpContinue

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public bool useHttpContinue;

### Description

Determines whether this UnityWebRequest will include `Expect: 100-Continue` in
its outgoing request headers. (Default: `true`).

If this property is set to `true`, then this UnityWebRequest will include an
`Expect: 100-Continue` header in the initial outbound request. If set to
`false`, an empty `Expect` header will be sent, which will suppress usage of
the `100 Continue` response code.  
  
As detailed in [RFC 2616, Section
8](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec8.html), the `100 Continue`
response code is intended to allow a remote server to decide whether or not it
will accept a request based on a request's headers, prior to the client
transmitting the full request body.  
  
This is useful in cases where the client need not transmit its full request to
every server in a request/response chain, such as in a load-balanced
application. For example, a client would present its request, with a `Expect:
100-Continue` header, to a load-balancing server. The load-balancing server
would then respond with a redirect to a processing server. Next, the client
would connect to the processing server and transmit the same request, again
with a `Expect: 100-Continue` server. The processing server would then respond
with a `100 Continue` HTTP status code, and the client would finally respond
with the full body of its request.  
  
By using the `100 Continue` status code, the client only had to transmit the
full body of its request to one server. If not using the `100 Continue` status
code, the client must transmit the full body of its request to every server it
communicates with, needlessly consuming bandwidth and processing time on both
the client and any servers issuing redirects.  
  
In general, one should leave `100 Continue` enabled. Exceptions include
requests which have a very small or no request body, or applications where the
client knows the server will not issue a redirect.  
  
This property defaults to `true`.  
  
**Note:** On WebGL build targets, header negotiation is performed by the host
browser. Therefore, this setting's value has no effect on WebGL builds.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

