[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# OverlayAttribute

class in UnityEditor.Overlays

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Attribute used to register a class as an overlay.

Overlay must derive from the Overlay class.

### Properties

[defaultDisplay](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-defaultDisplay.html)| Whether the
target Overlay is shown when a new instance of the EditorWindow type is
instantiated.  
---|---  
[defaultDockIndex](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-defaultDockIndex.html)| Sets the
defaultDockIndex to define where in a DockZone an Overlay is placed.  
[defaultDockPosition](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-defaultDockPosition.html)|
Sets the default alignment for a new Overlay instance.  
[defaultDockZone](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-defaultDockZone.html)| Sets the
default location of an Overlay in an EditorWindow.  
[defaultHeight](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-defaultHeight.html)| Sets the
default height of an Overlay.  
[defaultLayout](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-defaultLayout.html)| Sets the
default Layout for an Overlay when it is created for the first time.  
[defaultWidth](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-defaultWidth.html)| Sets the default
width of an Overlay.  
[displayName](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-displayName.html)| Defines the display
name of the overlay.  
[editorWindowType](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-editorWindowType.html)| Defines
which EditorWindow type the overlay is used in.  
[id](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-id.html)| Defines the unique identifier used to
identify the overlay.  
[maxHeight](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-maxHeight.html)| Sets the maximum height
of an Overlay.  
[maxWidth](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-maxWidth.html)| Sets the maximum width of
an Overlay.  
[minHeight](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-minHeight.html)| Sets the minimum height
of an Overlay.  
[minWidth](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-minWidth.html)| Sets the minimum width of
an Overlay.  
[priority](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-priority.html)| Sets the order that
overlays are displayed in the overlay menu. The default value is 100. Lower
values are displayed before higher values.  
[ussName](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-ussName.html)| Name of the overlay's root
visual element.  
  
### Constructors

[OverlayAttribute](Overlays.OverlayAttribute-ctor.html)| Attribute used to
register a class as an Overlay.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

