[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Client](PackageManager.Client.html).AddAndRemove

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-PackageManager.html "Go to PackageManager
Component in the Manual")

## Declaration

public static
[PackageManager.Requests.AddAndRemoveRequest](PackageManager.Requests.AddAndRemoveRequest.html)
AddAndRemove(string[] packagesToAdd, string[] packagesToRemove);

### Parameters

packagesToAdd | An array of strings representing the package(s) to be added:   
  
\- To install a specific version of a package, use a package identifier
("name@version"). This is the only way to install a [pre-
release](../Manual/pack-preview.html) version.  
\- To install the latest compatible ([released](../Manual/pack-safe.html))
version of a package, specify only the package [name](../Manual/upm-
manifestPkg.html).  
\- To install a git package, specify a [git url](../Manual/upm-git.html).  
\- To install a [local](../Manual/upm-localpath.html) package, specify a value
in the format "file:/path/to/package/folder".  
\- To install a [local tarball](../Manual/upm-localpath.html) package, specify
a value in the format "file:/path/to/package-file.tgz".  
  
`ArgumentException` is thrown if `packagesToAdd` contains `null` or empty
values.  
---|---  
packagesToRemove | An array of strings representing the names of package(s) to be removed.   
  
`ArgumentException` is thrown if `packagesToRemove` contains `null` or empty
values.  
  
### Returns

**AddAndRemoveRequest** An
[AddAndRemoveRequest](PackageManager.Requests.AddAndRemoveRequest.html)
instance, which you can use to get the
[PackageCollection](PackageManager.PackageCollection.html) representing the
package that were added and removed from the project from the
`AddAndRemoveRequest.Result` property.

### Description

Adds package dependencies to the project and removes package dependencies from
the project. Requesting different dependencies often leads to changing
installed packages, but only after the Package Manager constructs a dependency
graph to solve any version conflicts. For more information, see [Dependency
and resolution](../Manual/upm-dependencies.html).  
  
Calling this function is much more efficient than calling the Add and Remove
functions several times because for this function, the Package Manager only
has to solve the dependency list once, instead of constructing a new
dependency graph after each call.

  
`ArgumentException` is thrown if both `packagesToAdd` and `packagesToRemove`
are `null` or empty.  
  
`AddAndRemove()` is an asynchronous operation. Before the operation is
complete, you can use the `AddAndRemoveRequest` instance to monitor the
asynchronous operation.  
  
**Note:** Make sure any other Client operations have completed before calling
this method. For more information, see the note on the
[Client](PackageManager.Client.html) class reference page.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

