[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ParticleSystemJobData

struct in UnityEngine.ParticleSystemJobs

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule](UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This struct specifies all the per-particle data.

### Properties

[aliveTimePercent](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-
aliveTimePercent.html)| Specifies how long each particle has been alive.  
---|---  
[axisOfRotations](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-
axisOfRotations.html)| Specifies an axis of rotation for each particles, in
radians.  
[count](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-count.html)| Specifies the
number of particles alive in the Particle System.  
[customData1](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-customData1.html)| This
array contains the custom data values when you use a CustomDataModule, or when
you call SetCustomParticleData.  
[customData2](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-customData2.html)| This
array contains the custom data values when you use a CustomDataModule, or when
you call SetCustomParticleData.  
[inverseStartLifetimes](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-
inverseStartLifetimes.html)| The lifetime of each particle, stored as 1.0f /
lifetime.  
[meshIndices](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-meshIndices.html)|
Specifies a mesh index for each particle.  
[positions](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-positions.html)| The
position of each particle.  
[randomSeeds](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-randomSeeds.html)| The
random seed assigned to each particle.  
[rotationalSpeeds](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-
rotationalSpeeds.html)| The angular velocity of each particle.  
[rotations](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-rotations.html)| The
rotation of each particle.  
[sizes](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-sizes.html)| The size of each
particle.  
[startColors](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-startColors.html)| The
initial color of each particle.  
[velocities](ParticleSystemJobs.ParticleSystemJobData-velocities.html)| The
velocity of each particle.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

