[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# NoiseModule

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule](UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-ParticleSystem.html "Go to ParticleSystem
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Script interface for the NoiseModule.

The Noise Module allows you to apply turbulence to the movement of your
particles. Use the low quality settings to create computationally efficient
Noise, or simulate smoother, richer Noise with the higher quality settings.
You can also choose to define the behavior of the Noise individually for each
axis.  
  
Additional resources: [ParticleSystem](ParticleSystem.html),
[ParticleSystem.noise](ParticleSystem-noise.html).

### Properties

[damping](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-damping.html)| Higher frequency noise
reduces the strength by a proportional amount, if enabled.  
---|---  
[enabled](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-enabled.html)| Specifies whether the the
NoiseModule is enabled or disabled.  
[frequency](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-frequency.html)| Low values create
soft, smooth noise, and high values create rapidly changing noise.  
[octaveCount](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-octaveCount.html)| Layers of noise
that combine to produce final noise.  
[octaveMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-octaveMultiplier.html)| When
combining each octave, scale the intensity by this amount.  
[octaveScale](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-octaveScale.html)| When combining
each octave, zoom in by this amount.  
[positionAmount](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-positionAmount.html)| How much the
noise affects the particle positions.  
[quality](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-quality.html)| Generate 1D, 2D or 3D
noise.  
[remap](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remap.html)| Define how the noise values
are remapped.  
[remapEnabled](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remapEnabled.html)| Enable remapping
of the final noise values, allowing for noise values to be translated into
different values.  
[remapMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remapMultiplier.html)| Remap
multiplier.  
[remapX](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remapX.html)| Define how the noise values
are remapped on the x-axis, when using the
ParticleSystem.NoiseModule.separateAxes option.  
[remapXMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remapXMultiplier.html)| x-axis
remap multiplier.  
[remapY](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remapY.html)| Define how the noise values
are remapped on the y-axis, when using the
ParticleSystem.NoiseModule.separateAxes option.  
[remapYMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remapYMultiplier.html)| y-axis
remap multiplier.  
[remapZ](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remapZ.html)| Define how the noise values
are remapped on the z-axis, when using the
ParticleSystem.NoiseModule.separateAxes option.  
[remapZMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-remapZMultiplier.html)| z-axis
remap multiplier.  
[rotationAmount](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-rotationAmount.html)| How much the
noise affects the particle rotation, in degrees per second.  
[scrollSpeed](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-scrollSpeed.html)| Scroll the noise
map over the Particle System.  
[scrollSpeedMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-
scrollSpeedMultiplier.html)| Scroll speed multiplier.  
[separateAxes](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-separateAxes.html)| Control the
noise separately for each axis.  
[sizeAmount](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-sizeAmount.html)| How much the noise
affects the particle sizes, applied as a multiplier on the size of each
particle.  
[strength](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-strength.html)| How strong the overall
noise effect is.  
[strengthMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-strengthMultiplier.html)|
Strength multiplier.  
[strengthX](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-strengthX.html)| Define the strength of
the effect on the x-axis, when using the
ParticleSystem.NoiseModule.separateAxes option.  
[strengthXMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-strengthXMultiplier.html)|
x-axis strength multiplier.  
[strengthY](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-strengthY.html)| Define the strength of
the effect on the y-axis, when using the
ParticleSystem.NoiseModule.separateAxes option.  
[strengthYMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-strengthYMultiplier.html)|
y-axis strength multiplier.  
[strengthZ](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-strengthZ.html)| Define the strength of
the effect on the z-axis, when using the
ParticleSystem.NoiseModule.separateAxes option.  
[strengthZMultiplier](ParticleSystem.NoiseModule-strengthZMultiplier.html)|
z-axis strength multiplier.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

