[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Particle

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule](UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-ParticleSystem.html "Go to ParticleSystem
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Script interface for a Particle.

Additional resources: [ParticleSystem](ParticleSystem.html),
[ParticleSystem.GetParticles](ParticleSystem.GetParticles.html),
[ParticleSystem.SetParticles](ParticleSystem.SetParticles.html).

### Properties

[angularVelocity](ParticleSystem.Particle-angularVelocity.html)| The angular
velocity of the particle.  
---|---  
[angularVelocity3D](ParticleSystem.Particle-angularVelocity3D.html)| The 3D
angular velocity of the particle.  
[animatedVelocity](ParticleSystem.Particle-animatedVelocity.html)| The
animated velocity of the particle.  
[axisOfRotation](ParticleSystem.Particle-axisOfRotation.html)| Mesh particles
rotate around this axis.  
[position](ParticleSystem.Particle-position.html)| The position of the
particle.  
[randomSeed](ParticleSystem.Particle-randomSeed.html)| The random seed of the
particle.  
[remainingLifetime](ParticleSystem.Particle-remainingLifetime.html)| The
remaining lifetime of the particle.  
[rotation](ParticleSystem.Particle-rotation.html)| The rotation of the
particle.  
[rotation3D](ParticleSystem.Particle-rotation3D.html)| The 3D rotation of the
particle.  
[startColor](ParticleSystem.Particle-startColor.html)| The initial color of
the particle. The current color of the particle is calculated procedurally
based on this value and the active color modules.  
[startLifetime](ParticleSystem.Particle-startLifetime.html)| The starting
lifetime of the particle.  
[startSize](ParticleSystem.Particle-startSize.html)| The initial size of the
particle. The current size of the particle is calculated procedurally based on
this value and the active size modules.  
[startSize3D](ParticleSystem.Particle-startSize3D.html)| The initial 3D size
of the particle. The current size of the particle is calculated procedurally
based on this value and the active size modules.  
[totalVelocity](ParticleSystem.Particle-totalVelocity.html)| The total
velocity of the particle.  
[velocity](ParticleSystem.Particle-velocity.html)| The velocity of the
particle, measured in units per second.  
  
### Public Methods

[GetCurrentColor](ParticleSystem.Particle.GetCurrentColor.html)| Calculate the
current color of the particle by applying the relevant curves to its
startColor property.  
---|---  
[GetCurrentSize](ParticleSystem.Particle.GetCurrentSize.html)| Calculate the
current size of the particle by applying the relevant curves to its startSize
property.  
[GetCurrentSize3D](ParticleSystem.Particle.GetCurrentSize3D.html)| Calculate
the current 3D size of the particle by applying the relevant curves to its
startSize3D property.  
[GetMeshIndex](ParticleSystem.Particle.GetMeshIndex.html)| Calculate the Mesh
index of the particle, used for choosing which Mesh a particle is rendered
with.  
[SetMeshIndex](ParticleSystem.Particle.SetMeshIndex.html)| Sets the Mesh index
of the particle, used for choosing which Mesh a particle is rendered with.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

