[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Burst

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule](UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-ParticleSystem.html "Go to ParticleSystem
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Script interface for a Burst.

A burst is a particle emission event, where a number of particles are all
emitted at the same time. Additional resources:
[ParticleSystem.emission](ParticleSystem-emission.html),
ParticleSystem.emissionModule.SetBursts,
ParticleSystem.emissionModule.GetBursts.

### Properties

[count](ParticleSystem.Burst-count.html)| Specify the number of particles to
emit.  
---|---  
[cycleCount](ParticleSystem.Burst-cycleCount.html)| Specifies how many times
the system should play the burst. Set this to 0 to make it play indefinitely.  
[maxCount](ParticleSystem.Burst-maxCount.html)| The maximum number of
particles to emit.  
[minCount](ParticleSystem.Burst-minCount.html)| The minimum number of
particles to emit.  
[probability](ParticleSystem.Burst-probability.html)| The probability that the
system triggers a burst.  
[repeatInterval](ParticleSystem.Burst-repeatInterval.html)| How often to
repeat the burst, in seconds.  
[time](ParticleSystem.Burst-time.html)| The time that each burst occurs.  
  
### Constructors

[ParticleSystem.Burst](ParticleSystem.Burst-ctor.html)| Construct a new Burst
with a time and count.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

