[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# EmitParams

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule](UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-ParticleSystem.html "Go to ParticleSystem
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Script interface for Particle System emission parameters.

### Properties

[angularVelocity](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-angularVelocity.html)| Override
the angular velocity of particles this system emits.  
---|---  
[angularVelocity3D](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-angularVelocity3D.html)|
Override the 3D angular velocity of particles this system emits.  
[applyShapeToPosition](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-applyShapeToPosition.html)|
When overriding the position of particles, setting this flag to true allows
you to retain the influence of the shape module.  
[axisOfRotation](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-axisOfRotation.html)| Override the
axis of rotation of particles this system emits.  
[meshIndex](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-meshIndex.html)| Set the index that
specifies which Mesh to emit.  
[particle](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-particle.html)| Override all the
properties of particles this system emits.  
[position](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-position.html)| Override the position of
particles this system emits.  
[randomSeed](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-randomSeed.html)| Override the random
seed of particles this system emits.  
[rotation](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-rotation.html)| Override the rotation of
particles this system emits.  
[rotation3D](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-rotation3D.html)| Override the 3D
rotation of particles this system emits.  
[startColor](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-startColor.html)| Override the initial
color of particles this system emits.  
[startLifetime](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-startLifetime.html)| Override the
lifetime of particles this system emits.  
[startSize](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-startSize.html)| Override the initial
size of particles this system emits.  
[startSize3D](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-startSize3D.html)| Override the
initial 3D size of particles this system emits.  
[velocity](ParticleSystem.EmitParams-velocity.html)| Override the velocity of
particles this system emits.  
  
### Public Methods

[ResetAngularVelocity](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetAngularVelocity.html)|
Reverts angularVelocity and angularVelocity3D back to the values specified in
the Inspector.  
---|---  
[ResetAxisOfRotation](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetAxisOfRotation.html)|
Revert the axis of rotation back to the value specified in the Inspector.  
[ResetMeshIndex](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetMeshIndex.html)| Revert the
Mesh selection back to the default randomized behavior.  
[ResetPosition](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetPosition.html)| Revert the
position back to the value specified in the Inspector.  
[ResetRandomSeed](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetRandomSeed.html)| Revert the
random seed back to the value specified in the Inspector.  
[ResetRotation](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetRotation.html)| Reverts
rotation and rotation3D back to the values specified in the Inspector.  
[ResetStartColor](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetStartColor.html)| Revert the
initial color back to the value specified in the Inspector.  
[ResetStartLifetime](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetStartLifetime.html)|
Revert the lifetime back to the value specified in the Inspector.  
[ResetStartSize](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetStartSize.html)| Revert the
initial size back to the value specified in the Inspector.  
[ResetVelocity](ParticleSystem.EmitParams.ResetVelocity.html)| Revert the
velocity back to the value specified in the Inspector.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

