[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SizeBySpeedModule

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule](UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-ParticleSystem.html "Go to ParticleSystem
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Script interface for the SizeBySpeedModule.

This module controls the size of particles based on their speeds.  
  
Additional resources: [ParticleSystem](ParticleSystem.html),
[ParticleSystem.sizeBySpeed](ParticleSystem-sizeBySpeed.html).

### Properties

[enabled](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-enabled.html)| Specifies whether
the SizeBySpeedModule is enabled or disabled.  
---|---  
[range](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-range.html)| Set the minimum and
maximum speed that this modules applies the size curve between.  
[separateAxes](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-separateAxes.html)| Set the
size by speed on each axis separately.  
[size](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-size.html)| Curve to control particle
size based on speed.  
[sizeMultiplier](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-sizeMultiplier.html)| A
multiplier for ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule.size.  
[x](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-x.html)| Size by speed curve for the
x-axis.  
[xMultiplier](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-xMultiplier.html)| Size
multiplier along the x-axis.  
[y](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-y.html)| Size by speed curve for the
y-axis.  
[yMultiplier](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-yMultiplier.html)| Size
multiplier along the y-axis.  
[z](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-z.html)| Size by speed curve for the
z-axis.  
[zMultiplier](ParticleSystem.SizeBySpeedModule-zMultiplier.html)| Size
multiplier along the z-axis.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

