[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[IJobParticleSystemExtensions](ParticleSystemJobs.IJobParticleSystemExtensions.html).EarlyJobInit

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void EarlyJobInit();

### Description

Gathers and caches reflection data for the internal job system's managed
bindings. Unity is responsible for calling this method - don't call it
yourself.

When the Jobs package is included in the project, Unity generates code to call
EarlyJobInit at startup. This results in the following benefits:

  * Job initialization doesn't lazily occur during job scheduling, which would increase the time it takes to schedule a job.
  * Burst compiled code may schedule jobs because the reflection part of initialization, which is not compatible with burst compiler constraints, has already happened in EarlyJobInit.

**Note** : While the Jobs package code generator handles this automatically
for all closed job types, you must register those with generic arguments (like
IJobParticleSystem&lt;MyJobType&lt;T&gt;&gt;) manually for each specialization
with Unity.Jobs.RegisterGenericJobTypeAttribute.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

