[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Physics2D](Physics2D.html).contactThreshold

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static float contactThreshold;

### Description

A threshold below which a contact is automatically disabled.

Colliders placed side-by-side do not form a continuous surface which can
result in unwanted contacts (known as "ghost collisions") when moving across
these colliders. The main use-case here is to try to suppress these kinds of
contacts.  
  
When using a [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html) set to
[CollisionDetectionMode2D.Continuous](CollisionDetectionMode2D.Continuous.html),
if a contact overlaps with a distance less than this threshold, it is
automatically disabled as indicated in
[Collision2D.enabled](Collision2D-enabled.html).  
  
The threshold is not used when the [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html) is set to
[CollisionDetectionMode2D.Discrete](CollisionDetectionMode2D.Discrete.html) or
the threshold is set to zero.  
  
**NOTES** : Caution is advised against changing this threshold as increasing
it may cause valid contacts to be disabled resulting in collider
penetration/tunnelling and reducing it may allow unwanted contacts to be left
enabled. Also, there is no guarantee that all such unwanted contacts can be
suppressed with the contact threshold.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

