[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Physics](Physics.html).BakeMesh

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void BakeMesh(int meshID, bool convex);

### Parameters

meshID | The instance ID of the mesh to bake collision data from.  
---|---  
convex | A flag to indicate whether to bake convex geometry or not.  
  
### Description

Prepares the mesh for use with a [MeshCollider](MeshCollider.html) and uses
default cooking options.

* * *

## Declaration

public static void BakeMesh(int meshID, bool convex,
[MeshColliderCookingOptions](MeshColliderCookingOptions.html) cookingOptions);

### Parameters

meshID | The instance ID of the mesh to bake collision data from.  
---|---  
convex | A flag to indicate whether to bake convex geometry or not.  
cookingOptions | The cooking options to use when you bake the mesh.  
  
### Description

Prepares the mesh for use with a [MeshCollider](MeshCollider.html).

In order for the mesh to be usable with the [MeshCollider](MeshCollider.html),
the physics system must prepare it first, by creating the spatial search
acceleration structures. This process is called baking.  
  
Normally, the MeshCollider component requires the baked mesh when the user
instantiates it, or when the user sets a new mesh to it with the sharedMesh
property. Baking is a resource-intensive operation so you might want to run it
when the moment is right (for example during a less resource-intensive part of
the application), or to spread the load across all available cores if multiple
meshes require baking. That said, the purpose of this function is to pre-bake
the mesh for later use so that no further baking is required.  
  
The mesh instance stores the baked mesh.  
  
The baking process needs access to the mesh geometry. If the user invokes the
BakeMesh method in the Player, the BakeMesh method requires the Read/Write
property of the mesh to be enabled. However, using the BakeMesh method in the
Editor doesn't require any extra settings, because the geometry is always
available in the Editor.  
  
The MeshCollider component reuses the baked mesh if, and only if, all of the
following conditions are met:

  * The MeshCollider's cookingOptions are exactly the same as were specified during baking,
  * The MeshCollider's transform allows mesh sharing (*),
  * The mesh geometry hasn't been changed since the last bake.

In this context, the MeshCollider's transform allows mesh sharing if:

  * Its scaling is not negative and is not skewed, or
  * Its scaling is negative but only when MeshCollider is not convex  

Note: When you add a [MeshCollider](MeshCollider.html) component to a
GameObject with a [MeshFilter](MeshFilter.html) component already present, the
sharedMesh property is set automatically and this might trigger a re-bake.  
  
  
  
Here is a simple example baking the mesh on the main thread:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class MinimalTest : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public [Mesh](Mesh.html) mesh;  
      
        private [MeshCollider](MeshCollider.html) collider;  
      
        private [MeshColliderCookingOptions](MeshColliderCookingOptions.html) cookingOptions =
            [MeshColliderCookingOptions.UseFastMidphase](MeshColliderCookingOptions.UseFastMidphase.html) & [MeshColliderCookingOptions.CookForFasterSimulation](MeshColliderCookingOptions.CookForFasterSimulation.html);  
      
        private void OnEnable()
        {
            // Bake this [Mesh](Mesh.html) to use later.
            [Physics.BakeMesh](Physics.BakeMesh.html)(mesh.GetInstanceID(), false, cookingOptions);
        }  
      
        public void [FixedUpdate](PlayerLoop.FixedUpdate.html)()
        {
            // If the collider wasn't yet created - create it now.
            if (collider == null)
            {
                // No mesh baking will happen here because the mesh was pre-baked, making instantiation faster.
                collider = new [GameObject](GameObject.html)().AddComponent<[MeshCollider](MeshCollider.html)>();
                collider.cookingOptions = cookingOptions;
                collider.sharedMesh = mesh;
            }
        }
    }
    

BakeMesh is thread-safe, and does computations on the thread it was called
from. However, don't call BakeMesh on the same mesh from multiple threads at
the same time because that causes undefined behavior. You can use BakeMesh
with the C# Job System. This example shows how to bake meshes across multiple
threads so that MeshCollider instantiation takes less time on the main thread.

    
    
    using Unity.Collections;
    using Unity.Jobs;
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public struct BakeJob : [IJobParallelFor](Unity.Jobs.IJobParallelFor.html)
    {
        private NativeArray<int> meshIds;  
      
        public BakeJob(NativeArray<int> meshIds)
        {
            this.meshIds = meshIds;
        }  
      
        public void Execute(int index)
        {
            [Physics.BakeMesh](Physics.BakeMesh.html)(meshIds[index], false);
        }
    }  
      
    public class JobifiedBaking : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public [Mesh](Mesh.html)[] meshes;
        public int meshesPerJob = 10;  
      
        // Bake all the Meshes off of the main thread, and then instantiate on the main thread.
        private void OnEnable()
        {
            // You cannot access GameObjects and Components from other threads directly.
            // As such, you need to create a native array of instance IDs that BakeMesh will accept.
            NativeArray<int> meshIds = new NativeArray<int>(meshes.Length, [Allocator.TempJob](Unity.Collections.Allocator.TempJob.html));  
      
            for (int i = 0; i < meshes.Length; ++i)
            {
                meshIds[i] = meshes[i].GetInstanceID();
            }  
      
            // This spreads the expensive operation over all cores.
            var job = new BakeJob(meshIds);
            job.Schedule(meshIds.Length, meshesPerJob).Complete();  
      
            meshIds.Dispose();  
      
            // Now instantiate colliders on the main thread.
            for (int i = 0; i < meshes.Length; ++i)
            {
                new [GameObject](GameObject.html)().AddComponent<[MeshCollider](MeshCollider.html)>().sharedMesh = meshes[i];
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

