[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Physics](Physics.html).ContactModifyEvent

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Parameters

value | A delegate to call.  
---|---  
  
### Description

Subscribe to this event to be able to customize the collision response for
contact pairs.

Each subscriber to this event gets invoked with a physics scene and a native
array of contact pairs to process. Each contact pair has modifiable data, like
impulses and contact normals that can be changed in order to customize the
bounce behavior.  
  
Only pairs containing Colliders that had
[Collider.hasModifiableContacts](Collider-hasModifiableContacts.html) enabled
will be passed in the buffer.  
  
Note that this event is called from any thread, so it's advisable to keep
copies of all necessary for handling data because only a portion of Unity API
is available off the main thread.  
  
Additionally, an event handler can be invoked multiple times per frame,
because the physics system distributes all contacts among threads, and only
sends a particular amount of contacts per call.  
  
Note: to get contact pairs that have been generated by the CCD solver,
subscribe to the
[Physics.ContactModifyEventCCD](Physics.ContactModifyEventCCD.html) event.
They are not included in this event.

    
    
    using Unity.Collections;
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Test : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public float IgnoredRadius = 0.5f;
        public [Vector3](Vector3.html) SpawnAt = [Vector3.up](Vector3-up.html) * 5f;  
      
        public void OnEnable()
        {
            var ball = [GameObject.CreatePrimitive](GameObject.CreatePrimitive.html)([PrimitiveType.Sphere](PrimitiveType.Sphere.html));
            [GameObject.CreatePrimitive](GameObject.CreatePrimitive.html)([PrimitiveType.Plane](PrimitiveType.Plane.html));  
      
            ball.transform.position = SpawnAt;
            ball.AddComponent<[Rigidbody](Rigidbody.html)>();
            ball.GetComponent<[SphereCollider](SphereCollider.html)>().hasModifiableContacts = true;  
      
            [Physics.ContactModifyEvent](Physics.ContactModifyEvent.html) += ModificationEvent;
        }  
      
        public void OnDisable()
        {
            [Physics.ContactModifyEvent](Physics.ContactModifyEvent.html) -= ModificationEvent;
        }  
      
        public void ModificationEvent([PhysicsScene](PhysicsScene.html) scene, NativeArray<[ModifiableContactPair](ModifiableContactPair.html)> pairs)
        {
            // For each contact pair, ignore the contact points that are close to origin
            foreach (var pair in pairs)
            {
                for (int i = 0; i < pair.contactCount; ++i)
                    if ([Vector3.Distance](Vector3.Distance.html)(pair.GetPoint(i), [Vector3.zero](Vector3-zero.html)) < IgnoredRadius)
                        pair.IgnoreContact(i);
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

