[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Physics2D](Physics2D.html).LinecastAll

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static RaycastHit2D[] LinecastAll([Vector2](Vector2.html) start,
[Vector2](Vector2.html) end, int layerMask = DefaultRaycastLayers, float
minDepth = -Mathf.Infinity, float maxDepth = Mathf.Infinity);

### Parameters

start | The start point of the line in world space.  
---|---  
end | The end point of the line in world space.  
layerMask | Filter to detect Colliders only on certain layers.  
minDepth | Only include objects with a Z coordinate (depth) greater than or equal to this value.  
maxDepth | Only include objects with a Z coordinate (depth) less than or equal to this value.  
  
### Returns

**RaycastHit2D[]** The cast results returned.

### Description

Casts a line against Colliders in the Scene.

A _linecast_ is an imaginary line between two points in world space. Any
object making contact with the beam can be detected and reported.  
  
This function is similar to the [Linecast](Physics2D.Linecast.html) function
except that all Colliders that are in contact with the line are reported. The
line is assumed to run from its start point to its end point; Colliders will
be placed in the returned array in order of distance from the start of the
line.  
  
Linecasts are useful for determining lines of sight, targets hit by gunfire
and for many other purposes in gameplay.  
  
**Note:** This function allocates memory for the returned RaycastHit2D array.
Use [Linecast](Physics2D.Linecast.html) to avoid this overhead if you need to
make linecasts frequently.  
  
Additionally, this will also detect Collider(s) at the start of the line. In
this case the line is starting inside the Collider and doesn't intersect the
Collider surface. This means that the collision normal cannot be calculated in
which case the collision normal returned is set to the inverse of the line
vector being tested. This can easily be detected because such results are
always at a RaycastHit2D fraction of zero.  
  
Additional resources: [LayerMask](LayerMask.html) class,
[RaycastHit2D](RaycastHit2D.html) class, [Linecast](Physics2D.Linecast.html),
[DefaultRaycastLayers](Physics2D.DefaultRaycastLayers.html),
[IgnoreRaycastLayer](Physics2D.IgnoreRaycastLayer.html),
[raycastsHitTriggers](Physics2D-raycastsHitTriggers.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

