[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# PhysicsScene

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.PhysicsModule](UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents a single instance of a 3D physics Scene.

### Public Methods

[BoxCast](PhysicsScene.BoxCast.html)| Casts the box along a ray and returns
detailed information on what was hit.  
---|---  
[CapsuleCast](PhysicsScene.CapsuleCast.html)| Casts a capsule against all
colliders in this physics scene and returns detailed information on what was
hit.  
[InterpolateBodies](PhysicsScene.InterpolateBodies.html)| Interpolates
Rigidbodies in this PhysicsScene.  
[IsEmpty](PhysicsScene.IsEmpty.html)| Gets whether the physics Scene is empty
or not.  
[IsValid](PhysicsScene.IsValid.html)| Gets whether the physics Scene is valid
or not.  
[OverlapBox](PhysicsScene.OverlapBox.html)| Find all colliders touching or
inside of the given box, and store them into the buffer.  
[OverlapCapsule](PhysicsScene.OverlapCapsule.html)| Check the given capsule
against the physics world and return all overlapping colliders in the user-
provided buffer.  
[OverlapSphere](PhysicsScene.OverlapSphere.html)| Computes and stores
colliders touching or inside the sphere into the provided buffer.  
[Raycast](PhysicsScene.Raycast.html)| Casts a ray, from point origin, in
direction direction, of length maxDistance, against all colliders in the
Scene.  
[ResetInterpolationPoses](PhysicsScene.ResetInterpolationPoses.html)| Resets
the Transform positions of interpolated and extrapolated Rigidbodies in this
PhysicsScene to Rigidbody.position and Transform rotations to
Rigidbody.rotation.  
[RunSimulationStages](PhysicsScene.RunSimulationStages.html)| Runs specified
physics simulation stages on this physics scene.  
[Simulate](PhysicsScene.Simulate.html)| Simulate physics associated with this
PhysicsScene.  
[SphereCast](PhysicsScene.SphereCast.html)| Casts a sphere along a ray and
returns detailed information on what was hit.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

