[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Physics2D](Physics2D.html).maxSubStepCount

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static int maxSubStepCount;

### Description

The maximum number of simulation sub-steps allowed per-frame when simulation
sub-stepping is enabled.

When simulation sub-stepping is enabled with
[Physics2D.useSubStepping](Physics2D-useSubStepping.html), this property is
used to control the maximum number of simulation sub-steps that will occur.  
  
When sub-stepping occurs, multiple simulation sub-steps will happen. Running
too many simulation sub-steps will result in poor performance. Indeed, the
reason that sub-stepping is used is because of a low frame-rate situation so
care needs to be taken to ensure that the situation is not made worse by
running too many simulation sub-steps.  
  
If the required number of simulation sub-steps exceed the allowed
[maximum](Physics2D-maxSubStepCount.html) and the frame-rate cannot be divided
into updates at or higher than the
[Physics2D.minSubStepFPS](Physics2D-minSubStepFPS.html) then only the maximum
number of sub-steps are used. This results in time being "lost" in the
simulation with the benefit that the cost of sub-stepping is restrained. The
total amount of "lost" time can be read from
[PhysicsScene2D.subStepLostTime](PhysicsScene2D-subStepLostTime.html). The
number of simulation sub-steps taken in the last simulation step can be read
from [PhysicsScene2D.subStepCount](PhysicsScene2D-subStepCount.html). The cost
of this should be monitored with the Unity Profiler using the Physics 2D
Module.  
  
Additional resources:
[Physics2D.useSubStepping](Physics2D-useSubStepping.html),
[Physics2D.minSubStepFPS](Physics2D-minSubStepFPS.html),
[PhysicsScene2D.subStepCount](PhysicsScene2D-subStepCount.html) and
[PhysicsScene2D.subStepLostTime](PhysicsScene2D-subStepLostTime.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

