[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[PhysicsVisualizationSettings](PhysicsVisualizationSettings.html).showAllContacts

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static bool showAllContacts;

### Description

Whether the [PhysicsDebugWindow](PhysicsDebugWindow.html) visualizes all
contacts.

If you set this property to false, only the following Colliders report
collisions to the [PhysicsDebugWindow](PhysicsDebugWindow.html): physics
objects that have MonoBehaviour scripts with OnCollisionsEnter,
OnCollisionsStay, and OnCollisionExit methods implemented, and Colliders that
have Collider.generatesContacts property set to `true`.  
  
If you set this property to true, all physics objects report all collisions to
the [PhysicsDebugWindow](PhysicsDebugWindow.html). If this property is set to
true, Unity still takes
[PhysicsVisualizationSettings.useContactFiltering](PhysicsVisualizationSettings-
useContactFiltering.html) into account.  
  
In Play mode, if you switch this property from false to true, this doesn't
affect the Colliders that have already been initialized. In Play mode, if you
switch this property from true to false, this hides the contact visualization
but the Colliders remain subscribed.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

