[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Plane

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Representation of a plane in 3D space.

A plane is an infinitely large, flat surface that exists in 3D space and
divides the space into two halves known as _half-spaces_. It is easy to
determine which of the two half-spaces a particular point is in and also how
far the point is from the plane. Walls, floors and other flat surfaces are
common in games, so a plane is sometimes useful for mathematical calculations
with these objects. Also, there are cases where a real surface does not exist
but it is useful to imagine that one is there. For example, in sports, a goal
line or out-of-bounds line is often assumed to extend into the air,
effectively defining a plane.  
  
When a plane passes through the <0,0,0> point in world space, it is defined
simply by a normal vector that determines which way it faces. It is easy to
visualise this if you imagine looking at the plane edge-on.  
  
![](../StaticFiles/ScriptRefImages/PlaneNormalOrigin.png)  
  
Note that the side from which the normal vector points is important since it
is used to identify which half-space a point is in (ie, on the positive or
"normal" side of the plane or the other side). When the plane doesn't pass
through <0,0,0> it can be defined by the normal vector along with a distance
from <0,0,0>  
  
![](../StaticFiles/ScriptRefImages/PlaneNormalOffset.png)  
  
A plane can also be defined by the three corner points of a triangle that lies
within the plane. In this case, the normal vector points toward you if the
corner points go around clockwise as you look at the triangle face-on.  
  
![](../StaticFiles/ScriptRefImages/Plane3Points.png).

### Properties

[distance](Plane-distance.html)| The distance measured from the Plane to the
origin, along the Plane's normal.  
---|---  
[flipped](Plane-flipped.html)| Returns a copy of the plane that faces in the
opposite direction.  
[normal](Plane-normal.html)| Normal vector of the plane.  
  
### Constructors

[Plane](Plane-ctor.html)| Creates a plane.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[ClosestPointOnPlane](Plane.ClosestPointOnPlane.html)| For a given point
returns the closest point on the plane.  
---|---  
[Flip](Plane.Flip.html)| Makes the plane face in the opposite direction.  
[GetDistanceToPoint](Plane.GetDistanceToPoint.html)| Returns a signed distance
from plane to point.  
[GetSide](Plane.GetSide.html)| Is a point on the positive side of the plane?  
[Raycast](Plane.Raycast.html)| Intersects a ray with the plane.  
[SameSide](Plane.SameSide.html)| Are two points on the same side of the plane?  
[Set3Points](Plane.Set3Points.html)| Sets a plane using three points that lie
within it. The points go around clockwise as you look down on the top surface
of the plane.  
[SetNormalAndPosition](Plane.SetNormalAndPosition.html)| Sets a plane using a
point that lies within it along with a normal to orient it.  
[Translate](Plane.Translate.html)| Returns a copy of the given plane that is
moved in space by the given translation.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

