[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# WSATargetFamily

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-PlayerSettings.html "Go to PlayerSettings
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Options for the set of Universal Windows Platform device families your
application can directly support.

A device family identifies the APIs, system characteristics, and behaviors
across a class of devices. It also determines the set of devices on which
users can install your application from the Microsoft Store. By default, your
application targets the Universal device family. To do this, Microsoft Visual
Studio sets Windows.Universal for TargetDeviceFamily.  
For more information, see [Microsoft’s Device families
overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-ca/uwp/extension-sdks/device-families-
overview).  
**Important:** Unity writes target families to the package manifest when it
builds Universal Windows Platform for the first time. Building into an
existing Universal Windows Platform build folder does not update the package
manifest and does not apply any changes.

### Properties

[Desktop](PlayerSettings.WSATargetFamily.Desktop.html)| Targets a device
family that includes Desktop PCs, laptops, and tablet devices.  
---|---  
[Mobile](PlayerSettings.WSATargetFamily.Mobile.html)| Targets a device family
that includes smartphone devices.  
[Holographic](PlayerSettings.WSATargetFamily.Holographic.html)| Targets a
device family that includes HoloLens devices.  
[Team](PlayerSettings.WSATargetFamily.Team.html)| Targets a device family that
includes the Surface Hub.  
[IoT](PlayerSettings.WSATargetFamily.IoT.html)| Targets a device family that
includes Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices.  
[IoTHeadless](PlayerSettings.WSATargetFamily.IoTHeadless.html)| Targets a
device family that includes Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices without any UI.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

