[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# PlayModeStateChange

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Enumeration specifying a change in the Editor's play mode state.  
  
Additional resources: [PauseState](PauseState.html),
[EditorApplication.playModeStateChanged](EditorApplication-
playModeStateChanged.html), [EditorApplication.isPlaying](EditorApplication-
isPlaying.html).

### Properties

[EnteredEditMode](PlayModeStateChange.EnteredEditMode.html)| Occurs during the
next update of the Editor application if it is in edit mode and was previously
in play mode.  
---|---  
[ExitingEditMode](PlayModeStateChange.ExitingEditMode.html)| Occurs when
exiting edit mode, before the Editor is in play mode.  
[EnteredPlayMode](PlayModeStateChange.EnteredPlayMode.html)| Occurs during the
next update of the Editor application if it is in play mode and was previously
in edit mode.  
[ExitingPlayMode](PlayModeStateChange.ExitingPlayMode.html)| Occurs when
exiting play mode, before the Editor is in edit mode.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

