[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SplashScreen

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-PlayerSettings.html "Go to PlayerSettings
Component in the Manual")

### Description

Interface to splash screen player settings.

### Static Properties

[animationBackgroundZoom](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-
animationBackgroundZoom.html)| The target zoom (from 0 to 1) for the
background when it reaches the end of the SplashScreen animation's total
duration. Only used when animationMode is AnimationMode.Custom.  
---|---  
[animationLogoZoom](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-animationLogoZoom.html)| The
target zoom (from 0 to 1) for the logo when it reaches the end of the logo
animation's total duration. Only used when animationMode is
AnimationMode.Custom.  
[animationMode](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-animationMode.html)| The type of
animation applied during the splash screen.  
[background](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-background.html)| The background
Sprite that is shown in landscape mode. Also shown in portrait mode if
backgroundPortrait is null.  
[backgroundColor](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-backgroundColor.html)| Sets the
background color of the splash screen when no background image is used. The
default background color is dark blue RGB(34.44,54).  
[backgroundPortrait](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-backgroundPortrait.html)| The
background Sprite that is shown in portrait mode.  
[blurBackgroundImage](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-blurBackgroundImage.html)|
Determines whether Unity applies a blur effect to the background Sprite on the
Splash Screen.  
[drawMode](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-drawMode.html)| Determines how the
Unity logo should be drawn, if it is enabled. If no Unity logo exists in
[logos] then the draw mode defaults to DrawMode.UnityLogoBelow.  
[logos](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-logos.html)| The collection of logos that
is shown during the splash screen. Logos are drawn in ascending order,
starting from index 0, followed by 1, etc etc.  
[overlayOpacity](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-overlayOpacity.html)| To increase
the contrast between the background and logos, you apply an overlay color
modifier. Use the overlay opacity to adjust the strength of this effect.  
[show](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-show.html)| Set this property to true to
make the Splash Screen appear when the application is launched. Set this
property to false to disable the Splash Screen.  
[showUnityLogo](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-showUnityLogo.html)| Set this to
true to show the Unity logo during the Splash Screen. Set it to false to
disable the Unity logo.  
[unityLogoStyle](PlayerSettings.SplashScreen-unityLogoStyle.html)| The style
to use for the Unity logo during the Splash Screen.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

