[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [PlayerSettings](PlayerSettings.html).useFlipModelSwapchain

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-PlayerSettings.html "Go to PlayerSettings
Component in the Manual")

public static bool useFlipModelSwapchain;

### Description

Use DXGI flip model swap chain for D3D11.

Direct3D 11 supports two presentation modes: Windows 7-style BitBlt and the
modern flip models. The BitBlt model has historically been the only way to
present the Direct3D swap chain to the screen. Every time a frame needs to be
displayed, it makes a copy of the swap chain surface and blits it to the
screen buffer. Windows 8.1 introduced the DXGI flip model, enabling the
Desktop Window Manager to use the swap chain surface directly.  
  
DXGI flip model swap chain ensures the best performance. When running in
windowed mode, it increases the performance by eliminating the expensive and
redundant surface blit to the screen buffer. When running in windowed
(borderless) full-screen mode, it displays the application swap chain directly
on the screen, which reduces input latency by one frame and eliminates desktop
composition done by the Desktop Window Manager in the same way that exclusive
full-screen does. This optimization is known as "Independent Flip."  
  
To take advantage of the DXGI flip model with Direct3D 11, you need to run the
player on Windows 8.1 or higher and not use
[FullScreenMode.ExclusiveFullScreen](FullScreenMode.ExclusiveFullScreen.html).
If either of these conditions is unmet, Unity will fall back to using Windows
7-style BitBlt swap chain model automatically, even if this setting is
enabled. Unity uses the BitBlt model when using exclusive full-screen mode as
flip model swap chains don't support frame latency waitable objects when
running in exclusive full-screen mode, which makes them have increased input
latency.  
  
DXGI flip model swap chains don't support transparency when using the
[DwmExtendFrameIntoClientArea](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-
us/windows/win32/api/dwmapi/nf-dwmapi-dwmextendframeintoclientarea) function,
so if you need to make parts of your window transparent or invisible, you will
have to disable this setting and use BitBlt model swap chain.  
  
Unity defaults to using the DXGI flip model for the Direct3D 11 graphics API.
Unity always uses the DXGI flip model when using Direct3D 12, so this setting
solely affects Direct3D 11. It's best practice to keep this setting enabled.  
  
Flip model swap chain can be forced in the built player by passing it the
"-force-d3d11-flip-model" command-line argument. Likewise, the BitBlt model
swap chain can be forced by passing the "-force-d3d11-bitblt-model" command-
line argument.  
  
See <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct3ddxgi/dxgi-flip-
model> and <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct3ddxgi/for-
best-performance--use-dxgi-flip-model> for more information.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

