[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [PlayerSettings.iOS](PlayerSettings.iOS.html).deferSystemGesturesMode

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-PlayerSettings.html "Go to PlayerSettings
Component in the Manual")

public static [iOS.SystemGestureDeferMode](iOS.SystemGestureDeferMode.html)
deferSystemGesturesMode;

### Description

Defer system gestures until the second swipe on specific edges.

On iPhone X the home button is implemented as a system gesture (swipe up from
the lower edge of the screen). Other gestures are implemented as swipes from
other screen edges. This may interfere with games that use swipes as an
interaction method. This setting specifies which screen edge gestures the
system defers to the second swipe. The first swipe is ignored and provides a
way to reduce unwanted interactions with the App. iOS Human interface
guidelines don't recommend enabling this behavior as it might confuse users.
The value of this property can be changed on runtime by setting
`PlayerSettings.iOS.deferSystemGesturesMode` property.  
  
**Note:** Setting [PlayerSettings.iOS.hideHomeButton](PlayerSettings.iOS-
hideHomeButton.html) to true will cause `deferSystemGesturesMode` to fail.
This is due to the home button on an iPhone X being a system gesture in
itself.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

