[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [PluginImporter](PluginImporter.html).DefineConstraints

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public string[] DefineConstraints;

### Description

Allows you to specify a list of #define directives which controls whether your
plug-in should be included.

You can set this property on each plug-in to control whether it should or
shouldn't be included in your build according to the currently defined [define
directives](../Manual/platform-dependent-compilation.html).  
  
By specifying the names of one or more #define directives in an array in this
property on your plug-in, you can specify that your plug-in should only be
included in the build when your project defines one of those #define
directives.  
  
Each plug-in in your project can have its own unique array of define
constraints. This way, you can have different plug-ins included or excluded
when you publish different types of builds, by changing which #define
directives are set when you build.  
  
You can use the "!" character to specify that a plug-in should be included
only when a certain #define directive is **not** set in the currently defined
[define directives](../Manual/platform-dependent-compilation.html). For
example, including "!ExampleDefine" in the list of define constraints means
that the plug-in will not be included if "ExampleDefine" is set in the
project's define directives.  
  
Note: There is a similar feature which allows you to conditionally control
which script assemblies are included. For more information, see the [Script
Assemblies Manual Page](../Manual/assembly-definition-files.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

