[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [PrefabUtility](PrefabUtility.html).SetPropertyModifications

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void SetPropertyModifications([Object](Object.html)
targetPrefab, PropertyModification[] modifications);

### Parameters

targetPrefab | A reference to the Prefab instance to be modified. Although the type and name imply an asset, it is the outermost instance as a GameObject that should be provided.  
---|---  
modifications | A set of PropertyModification objects that define the changes to the target Prefab instance.  
  
### Description

Assigns a set of [PropertyModification](PropertyModification.html) objects to
a target Prefab instance relative to its source Prefab Asset.

It's important to provide this method with the top-level object in the target
instance's branch of the hierarchy to avoid unexpected results. Use
[GetOutermostPrefabInstanceRoot](PrefabUtility.GetOutermostPrefabInstanceRoot.html)
for this purpose.  
  
[PropertyModification](PropertyModification.html) fields for Prefab overrides:

  * **target** : A persistent Prefab asset object reference
  * **propertyPath** : The path of the property to be modified
  * **value** : The value of the property as a string
  * **objectReference** : Set this field if the modification is an object reference, otherwise set the `value` field

The PropertyModification members always expected to have been set are the
`target` object the modification applies to (i.e. a persistent Prefab asset
object reference), the `propertyPath` of the property to be modified and its
new `value` or `objectReference`, as shown in the following example:

    
    
    void MakePrefabModifications([GameObject](GameObject.html) gameObject)
    {
        // Get the outermost root from the target object
        [GameObject](GameObject.html) prefabInstanceRoot = [PrefabUtility.GetOutermostPrefabInstanceRoot](PrefabUtility.GetOutermostPrefabInstanceRoot.html)(gameObject);
        if (prefabInstanceRoot == null)
            return;  
      
        // Get the corresponding prefab asset
        [GameObject](GameObject.html) prefabAssetRoot = [PrefabUtility.GetCorrespondingObjectFromSource](PrefabUtility.GetCorrespondingObjectFromSource.html)(prefabInstanceRoot);  
      
        // Create modifications for m_Name and m_LocalScale.x
        var mods = new[]
        {
            new UnityEditor.PropertyModification { value = "NewName", propertyPath = "m_Name", target = prefabAssetRoot },
            new UnityEditor.PropertyModification { value = "3", propertyPath = "m_LocalScale.x", target = prefabAssetRoot.transform }
        };  
      
        [PrefabUtility.SetPropertyModifications](PrefabUtility.SetPropertyModifications.html)(prefabInstanceRoot, mods);
    }
    

The following example shows an example of
`PropertyModification.objectReference` usage on a Prefab which has a
MeshRenderer:

    
    
    void MakePrefabModificationUsingObjectReference([GameObject](GameObject.html) gameObject)
    {
        // Get the outermost root from the target object
        [GameObject](GameObject.html) prefabInstanceRoot = [PrefabUtility.GetOutermostPrefabInstanceRoot](PrefabUtility.GetOutermostPrefabInstanceRoot.html)(gameObject);
        if (prefabInstanceRoot == null)
            return;  
      
        // Get the corresponding prefab asset
        [GameObject](GameObject.html) prefabAssetRoot = [PrefabUtility.GetCorrespondingObjectFromSource](PrefabUtility.GetCorrespondingObjectFromSource.html)(prefabInstanceRoot);  
      
        [MeshRenderer](MeshRenderer.html) prefabMeshRenderer = prefabAssetRoot.GetComponent<[MeshRenderer](MeshRenderer.html)>();
        
        // Create a material asset to add to the [MeshRenderer](MeshRenderer.html)
        [Material](Material.html) material = new [Material](Material.html)([Shader.Find](Shader.Find.html)("Diffuse"));
        [AssetDatabase.CreateAsset](AssetDatabase.CreateAsset.html)(material, "Assets/MyMaterial.mat");  
      
        var mods = new[]
        {
            new UnityEditor.PropertyModification { target = prefabMeshRenderer, propertyPath = "m_Materials.Array.data[0]", objectReference = material }
        };  
      
        [PrefabUtility.SetPropertyModifications](PrefabUtility.SetPropertyModifications.html)(prefabInstanceRoot, mods);
    }
    

Be aware that calls to `SetPropertyModifications` will replace the previous
set of modifications. If the intention is to accumulate modifications, then
retrieve the current set with
[GetPropertyModifications](PrefabUtility.GetPropertyModifications.html) and
include them in the new set.  
  
SetPropertyModifications can be used to remove unwanted modifications. To
remove only non-default modifications, filter them away and keep the default
overrides, as below:

    
    
    List<[PropertyModification](PropertyModification.html)> defaultMods = new List<[PropertyModification](PropertyModification.html)>();
    [PropertyModification](PropertyModification.html)[] mods = [PrefabUtility.GetPropertyModifications](PrefabUtility.GetPropertyModifications.html)(prefabInstanceRoot);
    foreach (var mod in mods)
    {
        if ([PrefabUtility.IsDefaultOverride](PrefabUtility.IsDefaultOverride.html)(mod))
            defaultMods.Add(mod);
    }  
      
    [PrefabUtility.SetPropertyModifications](PrefabUtility.SetPropertyModifications.html)(prefabInstanceRoot, defaultMods.ToArray());
    

For creating overrides a preferred approach is to use either
[RecordPrefabInstancePropertyModifications](PrefabUtility.RecordPrefabInstancePropertyModifications.html)
for manually changed properties or use
[SerializedObject](SerializedObject.html) and
[SerializedProperty](SerializedProperty.html) which will automatically
generate overrides.  
  
For applying and reverting overrides consider using the following API which
provide convenient access to Apply and Revert functionality:  
  
[GetObjectOverrides](PrefabUtility.GetObjectOverrides.html)
[GetAddedComponents](PrefabUtility.GetAddedComponents.html)
[GetRemovedComponents](PrefabUtility.GetRemovedComponents.html)
[GetAddedGameObjects](PrefabUtility.GetAddedGameObjects.html)
[GetRemovedGameObjects](PrefabUtility.GetRemovedGameObjects.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

