[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [PrefabUtility](PrefabUtility.html).ApplyObjectOverride

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void ApplyObjectOverride([Object](Object.html)
instanceComponentOrGameObject, string assetPath,
[InteractionMode](InteractionMode.html) action);

### Parameters

instanceComponentOrGameObject | The object on the Prefab instance to apply.  
---|---  
assetPath | The path of the Prefab Asset to apply to.  
action | The interaction mode for this action.  
  
### Description

Applies all overridden properties on a Prefab instance component or GameObject
to the Prefab Asset at the given asset path.

This method allows you to apply modified property values to an existing
Prefab. It mirrors the functionality in the editor, described in [the user
manual here](../Manual/PrefabOverridesMultiLevel.html). To use this method,
you must first modify one or more property values on an existing Prefab
instance.  
  
If you pass a GameObject as the object parameter, only the overrides on the
GameObject itself are applied (such as layer, tag, and static flags); not its
components or child GameObjects. If you pass a Component as the object
parameter, only the overrides on that Component are applied. To apply all
overrides of a Prefab, you can use
[PrefabUtility.ApplyPrefabInstance](PrefabUtility.ApplyPrefabInstance.html).  
  
Modified property values on a Prefab instance are a type of [Instance
Override](../Manual/PrefabInstanceOverrides.html). The act of applying the
modified property values to the Prefab means the modifed values become part of
the Prefab Asset, and are no longer overrides.  
  
When applying modified property values to a Prefab Asset, you must supply the
asset path as a parameter. This is because there are some situations where
there are multiple possible targets to apply the change to. For example, if
the property values have been modified on a GameObject that is part of a
[nested Prefab](../Manual/NestedPrefabs.html), you may have the choice of
applying the change to the inner nested Prefab Asset, or to the outer root
Prefab Asset. Therefore, by specifying the asset path, you make it clear to
Unity which Prefab Asset the change must be applied to.  
  
You can read more in the user manual about the [choice of apply
targets](../Manual/PrefabOverridesMultiLevel.html).  
  
Additional resources:
[PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedComponent](PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedComponent.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedGameObject](PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedGameObject.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyPropertyOverride](PrefabUtility.ApplyPropertyOverride.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedComponent](PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedComponent.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyPrefabInstance](PrefabUtility.ApplyPrefabInstance.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedGameObject](PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedGameObject.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

