[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [PrefabUtility](PrefabUtility.html).ApplyPropertyOverride

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void
ApplyPropertyOverride([SerializedProperty](SerializedProperty.html)
instanceProperty, string assetPath, [InteractionMode](InteractionMode.html)
action);

### Parameters

instanceProperty | The SerializedProperty representing the property to apply.  
---|---  
assetPath | The path of the Prefab Asset to apply to.  
action | The interaction mode for this action.  
  
### Description

Applies a single overridden property on a Prefab instance to the Prefab Asset
at the given asset path.

This method allows you to apply a single modified property value to an
existing Prefab Asset. It mirrors the functionality in the editor, described
in [the user manual here](../Manual/PrefabOverridesMultiLevel.html). To use
this method, you must first modify a property value on an existing Prefab
instance.  
  
Modified property values on a Prefab instance are a type of [Instance
Override](../Manual/PrefabInstanceOverrides.html). The act of applying a
modified property value to the Prefab means the modifed value becomes part of
the Prefab Asset, and is no longer an override on the Prefab instance.  
  
When applying a modified property value to a Prefab Asset, you must supply the
asset path as a parameter. This is because there are some situations where
there are multiple possible targets to apply the change to. For example, if
the property value has been modified on a GameObject that is part of a [nested
Prefab](../Manual/NestedPrefabs.html), you may have the choice of applying the
change to the inner nested Prefab Asset, or to the outer root Prefab Asset.
Therefore, by specifying the asset path, you make it clear to Unity which
Prefab Asset the change must be applied to.  
  
You can read more in the user manual about the [choice of apply
targets](../Manual/PrefabOverridesMultiLevel.html).  
  
Note that you can apply [default
override](PrefabUtility.IsDefaultOverride.html) properties with this method,
unlike with other apply methods, which will not apply default override
properties.  
  
If a property is an array element and the corresponding array element doesn't
exist in the Prefab Asset because the array is shorter there,
ApplyPropertyOverride applies the entire array. If the InteractionMode is set
to UserAction, Unity shows a dialog box which provides options to proceed or
cancel.  
  
Additional resources:
[PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedComponent](PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedComponent.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedGameObject](PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedGameObject.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyObjectOverride](PrefabUtility.ApplyObjectOverride.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedComponent](PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedComponent.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyPrefabInstance](PrefabUtility.ApplyPrefabInstance.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedGameObject](PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedGameObject.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

