[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [PrefabUtility](PrefabUtility.html).ApplyAddedComponent

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void ApplyAddedComponent([Component](Component.html) component,
string assetPath, [InteractionMode](InteractionMode.html) action);

### Parameters

action | The interaction mode for this action.  
---|---  
assetPath | The path of the Prefab Asset to apply to.  
component | The added component on the Prefab instance to apply.  
  
### Description

Applies the added component to the Prefab Asset at the given asset path.

This method allows you to apply an added component to an existing Prefab. It
mirrors the functionality in the editor, described in [the user manual
here](../Manual/PrefabOverridesMultiLevel.html). To use this method, you must
first add a component to an existing Prefab instance.  
  
An added component is a type of [Instance
Override](../Manual/PrefabInstanceOverrides.html). The act of applying the
added component to the Prefab means the component becomes part of the Prefab
Asset, and is no longer an override on the Prefab instance.  
  
When applying an added component to a Prefab Asset, you must supply the asset
path as a parameter. This is because there are some situations where there are
multiple possible targets to apply the change to. For example, if the added
component has been added to a GameObject that is part of a [nested
Prefab](../Manual/NestedPrefabs.html), you may have the choice of applying the
change to the inner nested Prefab Asset, or to the outer root Prefab Asset.
Therefore, by specifying the asset path, you make it clear to Unity which
Prefab Asset the change must be applied to.  
  
You can read more in the user manual about the [choice of apply
targets](../Manual/PrefabOverridesMultiLevel.html).  
  
Additional resources:
[PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedGameObject](PrefabUtility.ApplyAddedGameObject.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyObjectOverride](PrefabUtility.ApplyObjectOverride.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyPropertyOverride](PrefabUtility.ApplyPropertyOverride.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedComponent](PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedComponent.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyPrefabInstance](PrefabUtility.ApplyPrefabInstance.html),
[PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedGameObject](PrefabUtility.ApplyRemovedGameObject.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

