[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Recorder

class in UnityEngine.Profiling

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Records profiling data produced by a specific Sampler.

Recorder accumulates elapsed time of every Begin/End pair during a frame. Once
enabled it sums delta time between Begin and End samples produced by a
Sampler. Use [elapsedNanoseconds](Profiling.Recorder-elapsedNanoseconds.html)
to get the accumulated time for the previous frame.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Profiling;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [Recorder](Profiling.Recorder.html) behaviourUpdateRecorder;
        void Start()
        {
            behaviourUpdateRecorder = [Recorder.Get](Profiling.Recorder.Get.html)("BehaviourUpdate");
            behaviourUpdateRecorder.enabled = true;
        }  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if (behaviourUpdateRecorder.isValid)
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("BehaviourUpdate time: " + behaviourUpdateRecorder.elapsedNanoseconds);
        }
    }
    

**Note:** A Recorder collects data regardless of the Profiler state. When a
Recorder is enabled, data is accumulated every time its Sampler is hit. This
information is equivalent to the one you can see in Hierarchy view in the
[Profiler Window](../Manual/ProfilerCPU.html).  
  
At the moment Samplers are available only in the Editor and Development
Players. Use [Recorder.isValid](Profiling.Recorder-isValid.html) to verify if
Recorder can collect the data.  
  
Recorder supports only internal static Profiler labels and labels generated by
[CustomSampler](Profiling.CustomSampler.html). Dynamic internal labels
produced by scripting method calls and labels produced by
[Profiler.BeginSample](Profiling.Profiler.BeginSample.html) are not supported.  
  
Additional resources: [Sampler](Profiling.Sampler.html),
[Recorder.isValid](Profiling.Recorder-isValid.html),
[Recorder.elapsedNanoseconds](Profiling.Recorder-elapsedNanoseconds.html).

### Properties

[elapsedNanoseconds](Profiling.Recorder-elapsedNanoseconds.html)| Accumulated
time of Begin/End pairs for the previous frame in nanoseconds. (Read Only)  
---|---  
[enabled](Profiling.Recorder-enabled.html)| Enables recording.  
[gpuElapsedNanoseconds](Profiling.Recorder-gpuElapsedNanoseconds.html)| Gets
the accumulated GPU time, in nanoseconds, for a frame. The Recorder has a
three frame delay so this gives the timings for the frame that was three
frames before the one that you access this property on. (Read Only).  
[gpuSampleBlockCount](Profiling.Recorder-gpuSampleBlockCount.html)| Gets the
number of Begin/End time pairs that the GPU executed during a frame. The
Recorder has a three frame delay so this gives the timings for the frame that
was three frames before the one that you access this property on. (Read Only).  
[isValid](Profiling.Recorder-isValid.html)| Returns true if Recorder is valid
and can collect data. (Read Only)  
[sampleBlockCount](Profiling.Recorder-sampleBlockCount.html)| Number of time
Begin/End pairs was called during the previous frame. (Read Only)  
  
### Public Methods

[CollectFromAllThreads](Profiling.Recorder.CollectFromAllThreads.html)|
Configures the recorder to collect samples from all threads.  
---|---  
[FilterToCurrentThread](Profiling.Recorder.FilterToCurrentThread.html)|
Configures the recorder to only collect data from the current thread.  
  
### Static Methods

[Get](Profiling.Recorder.Get.html)| Use this function to get a Recorder for
the specific Profiler label.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

