[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [QualitySettings](QualitySettings.html).GetRenderPipelineAssetAt

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-QualitySettings.html "Go to QualitySettings
Component in the Manual")

## Declaration

public static
[Rendering.RenderPipelineAsset](Rendering.RenderPipelineAsset.html)
GetRenderPipelineAssetAt(int index);

### Parameters

index | Index of the quality level.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**RenderPipelineAsset** Returns `null` if the quality level does not exist, or
if no asset is assigned to that quality level. Otherwise, returns the
[RenderPipelineAsset](Rendering.RenderPipelineAsset.html) that defines the
override render pipeline for the quality level.

### Description

Provides a reference to the
[RenderPipelineAsset](Rendering.RenderPipelineAsset.html) that defines the
override render pipeline for a given quality level.

Unity uses the default render pipeline defined in
GraphicsSettings.renderPipeline and per quality level overrides to determine
the active render pipeline for the current quality level. For more
information, see
[GraphicsSettings.currentRenderPipeline](Rendering.GraphicsSettings-
currentRenderPipeline.html).  
  
[QualitySettings.renderPipeline](QualitySettings-renderPipeline.html)] returns
the same information, but only for the current quality level.  
  
Additional resources: [How to get, set, and configure the active render
pipeline](../Manual/srp-setting-render-pipeline-asset.html),
[GraphicsSettings.currentRenderPipeline](Rendering.GraphicsSettings-
currentRenderPipeline.html),
[GraphicsSettings.defaultRenderPipeline](Rendering.GraphicsSettings-
defaultRenderPipeline.html), [QualitySettings.renderPipeline](QualitySettings-
renderPipeline.html)],
[GraphicsSettings.allConfiguredRenderPipelines](Rendering.GraphicsSettings-
allConfiguredRenderPipelines.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

