[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Random](Random.html).state

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-random.html "Go to Random Component in the
Manual")

public static [Random.State](Random.State.html) state;

### Description

Gets or sets the full internal state of the random number generator.

This property can be used to save and restore a previously saved state of the
random number generator. Note that `state` is serializable, so that
[determinism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deterministic_algorithm) can be
preserved across sessions. Determinism is an important trait in many
scenarios, such as multiplayer games, reproducible simulations, and unit
testing.  
  
Generator state can be (re)-initialized in two ways:  

  1. Call [InitState](Random.InitState.html) with a simple integer "seed". This is a one-way operation and cannot be retrieved.
  2. Setting [state](Random-state.html) using a [State](Random.State.html) previously retrieved from this same property. This type cannot be constructed by the user.

See the following example for an explanation of how these work.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            const int initialSeed = 1234;  
      
            [Random.InitState](Random.InitState.html)(initialSeed); // cannot be retrieved  
      
            PrintRandom("Step 1");
            PrintRandom("Step 2");  
      
            [Random.State](Random.State.html) stateBeforeStep3 = [Random.state](Random-state.html); // can be serialized  
      
            PrintRandom("Step 3");
            PrintRandom("Step 4");  
      
            [Random.state](Random-state.html) = stateBeforeStep3;  
      
            PrintRandom("Step 5");
            PrintRandom("Step 6");  
      
            [Random.InitState](Random.InitState.html)(initialSeed);  
      
            PrintRandom("Step 7");
            PrintRandom("Step 8");
        }  
      
        static void PrintRandom(string label) =>
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)($"{label} - RandomValue {[Random.Range](Random.Range.html)(0, 100)}");
    }  
      
    /*
    Output:  
      
    Step 1 - RandomValue 38
    Step 2 - RandomValue 76
    Step 3 - RandomValue 69
    Step 4 - RandomValue 11
    Step 5 - RandomValue 69
    Step 6 - RandomValue 11
    Step 7 - RandomValue 38
    Step 8 - RandomValue 76
    */
    

The values from step 5 and 6 will be equal to those from step 3 and 4 because
the internal [state](Random-state.html) of the generator was restored to what
we saved in `stateBeforeStep3`. Also, the values from step 7 and 8 will be
equal to those from step 1 and 2 because we are resetting the generator state
with `initialSeed` via [InitState](Random.InitState.html), which leaves the
generator in the exact same state as right before step 1.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

