[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Random](Random.html).Range

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-random.html "Go to Random Component in the
Manual")

## Declaration

public static float Range(float minInclusive, float maxInclusive);

### Description

Returns a random `float` within `[minInclusive..maxInclusive]` (range is
inclusive).

If `minInclusive` is greater than `maxInclusive`, then the numbers are
automatically swapped.  
  
**Important** : Both the lower and upper bounds are **inclusive**. Any given
float value between them, _including both minInclusive and maxInclusive_ ,
will appear on average approximately once every ten million random samples.  
  
There is an `int` overload of this function that operates slightly
differently, especially regarding the range maximum. See its docs below.  
  
See [Random](Random.html) for details on the algorithm, and for examples of
how `UnityEngine.Random` may be different from other random number generators.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public [GameObject](GameObject.html) prefab;  
      
        // Click the "Instantiate!" button and a new `prefab` will be instantiated
        // somewhere within -10.0 and 10.0 (inclusive) on the x-z plane
        void OnGUI()
        {
            if ([GUI.Button](GUI.Button.html)(new [Rect](Rect.html)(10, 10, 100, 50), "Instantiate!"))
            {
                var position = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)([Random.Range](Random.Range.html)(-10.0f, 10.0f), 0, [Random.Range](Random.Range.html)(-10.0f, 10.0f));
                Instantiate(prefab, position, [Quaternion.identity](Quaternion-identity.html));
            }
        }
    }
    

* * *

## Declaration

public static int Range(int minInclusive, int maxExclusive);

### Description

Return a random `int` within `[minInclusive..maxExclusive)` (Read Only).

The maximum parameter is exclusive, so for example `Random.Range(0, 10)`
returns a value between 0 and 9, each with approximately equal probability.  
  
If `minInclusive` and `maxExclusive` are equal, the method returns
`minInclusive`.  
  
If `minInclusive` is greater than `maxExclusive`, the input parameters are
swapped but retain their inclusivity or exclusivity based on their original
positions, which means the method becomes `Random.Range(minExclusive,
maxInclusive)` after swapping.  
  
For example, calling `Random.Range(10, 0)` is not equivalent to
`Random.Range(0, 10)`. `Random.Range(10, 0)` returns a value between 1 and 10
because 10 becomes an inclusive maximum and 0 becomes an exclusive minimum.  
  
There is a `float` overload of this function that operates slightly
differently, especially regarding the range maximum, refer to its docs above.  
  
Refer to [Random](Random.html) for details on the algorithm, and for examples
of how `UnityEngine.Random` may differ from other random number generators.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public [GameObject](GameObject.html) prefab;
        public float zoffset = 10;  
      
        // Click the "Instantiate!" button and a new grid of `prefab` objects will be
        // instantiated with a random number of items in each direction.
        void OnGUI()
        {
            if ([GUI.Button](GUI.Button.html)(new [Rect](Rect.html)(10, 10, 100, 50), "Instantiate!"))
            {
                // the grid will always be 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 prefabs wide
                int xcount = [Random.Range](Random.Range.html)(1, 6);
                // the grid will always be 2, 3, or 4 prefabs long
                int ycount = [Random.Range](Random.Range.html)(2, 5);  
      
                for (int x = 0; x != xcount; ++x)
                {
                    for (int y = 0; y != ycount; ++y)
                    {
                        var position = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(x * 2, zoffset, y * 2);
                        Instantiate(prefab, position, [Quaternion.identity](Quaternion-identity.html));
                    }
                }  
      
                zoffset += 2;
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

