[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Random

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-random.html "Go to Random Component in the
Manual")

### Description

Easily generate random data for games.

This static class provides several easy game-oriented ways of generating
[pseudorandom numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pseudorandomness).  
  
The generator is an [Xorshift 128](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xorshift)
algorithm, based on the paper [Xorshift
RNGs](http://www.jstatsoft.org/v08/i14/paper) by George Marsaglia. It is
statically initialized with a
high-[entropy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entropy_\(information_theory\))
[seed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Random_seed) from the operating system,
and stored in native memory where it will survive domain reloads. This means
that the generator is seeded exactly once on process start, and after that is
left entirely under script control.  
  
For more details on the seed, including how to manage it yourself, see
[InitState](Random.InitState.html). To learn how to save and restore the state
of [Random](Random.html), see [state](Random-state.html).  
  
**Versus System.Random**  
  
This class has the same name as the .NET Framework class
[System.Random](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.random) and
serves a similar purpose, but differs in some key ways:  
  
_Static vs instanced_  
`UnityEngine.Random` is a static class, and so its state is globally shared.
Getting random numbers is easy, because there is no need to `new` an instance
and manage its storage. However, static state is problematic when working with
threads or jobs (the generator will error if used outside the main thread), or
if multiple independent random number generators are required. In those cases,
managing instances of `System.Random` would be a better option.  
  
_Float upper bounds are inclusive_  
All properties and methods in `UnityEngine.Random` that work with or derive
work from float-based randomness (for example [value](Random-value.html) or
[ColorHSV](Random.ColorHSV.html)) will use an _inclusive_ upper bound. This
means that it is possible, though as rare as any other given value, for the
max to be randomly returned. In contrast, `System.Random.NextDouble()` has an
_exclusive_ maximum, and will never return the maximum value, but only a
number slightly below it.  
  
_Performance_  
Methods in `UnityEngine.Random` have been measured to be between 20% and 40%
faster than their equivalents in `System.Random`.  
  
_Name resolution ambiguity_  
Because the classes share the name `Random`, it can be easy to get a
[CS0104](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/misc/cs0104)
"ambiguous reference" compiler error if the `System` and `UnityEngine`
namespaces are both brought in via `using`. To disambiguate, either use an
alias `using Random = UnityEngine.Random;`, fully-qualify the typename e.g.
`UnityEngine.Random.InitState(123);`, or eliminate the `using System` and
fully-qualify or alias types from that namespace instead.  
  

### Static Properties

[insideUnitCircle](Random-insideUnitCircle.html)| Returns a random point
inside or on a circle with radius 1.0 (Read Only).  
---|---  
[insideUnitSphere](Random-insideUnitSphere.html)| Returns a random point
inside or on a sphere with radius 1.0 (Read Only).  
[onUnitSphere](Random-onUnitSphere.html)| Returns a random point on the
surface of a sphere with radius 1.0 (Read Only).  
[rotation](Random-rotation.html)| Returns a random rotation (Read Only).  
[rotationUniform](Random-rotationUniform.html)| Returns a random rotation with
uniform distribution (Read Only).  
[state](Random-state.html)| Gets or sets the full internal state of the random
number generator.  
[value](Random-value.html)| Returns a random float within [0.0..1.0] (range is
inclusive) (Read Only).  
  
### Static Methods

[ColorHSV](Random.ColorHSV.html)| Generates a random color from HSV and alpha
ranges.  
---|---  
[InitState](Random.InitState.html)| Initializes the random number generator
state with a seed.  
[Range](Random.Range.html)| Returns a random float within
[minInclusive..maxInclusive] (range is inclusive).  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

