[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [RectTransformUtility](RectTransformUtility.html).FlipLayoutOnAxis

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void FlipLayoutOnAxis([RectTransform](RectTransform.html) rect,
int axis, bool keepPositioning, bool recursive);

### Parameters

rect | The RectTransform to flip.  
---|---  
keepPositioning | Flips around the pivot if true. Flips within the parent rect if false.  
recursive | Flip the children as well?  
axis | The axis to flip along. 0 is horizontal and 1 is vertical.  
  
### Description

Flips the alignment of the RectTransform along the horizontal or vertical
axis, and optionally its children as well.

This flips the alignment of the RectTransform. Any actual content such as
images or text will not be flipped but may aligned differently. An example
usage is to instantiate a control designed in a left to right manner (like a
horizontal slider where 0 is to the left) and flip it horizontally so the
layout becomes suitable for use in the opposite direction (like a horizontal
slider where 0 is to the right).  
  
When used with the recursive argument set to true, the children are always
flipped with the keepPositioning option set to false so that they properly
follow the flip of the parent.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

