[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# RectTransformUtility

class in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.UIModule](UnityEngine.UIModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Utility class containing helper methods for working with
[RectTransform](RectTransform.html).

### Static Methods

[CalculateRelativeRectTransformBounds](RectTransformUtility.CalculateRelativeRectTransformBounds.html)|
Creates a Bounds object that encapsulates all the child RectTransform objects
found in the child parameter, and converts the resulting bounds into local
space relative to the root transform.  
---|---  
[FlipLayoutAxes](RectTransformUtility.FlipLayoutAxes.html)| Flips the
horizontal and vertical axes of the RectTransform size and alignment, and
optionally its children as well.  
[FlipLayoutOnAxis](RectTransformUtility.FlipLayoutOnAxis.html)| Flips the
alignment of the RectTransform along the horizontal or vertical axis, and
optionally its children as well.  
[PixelAdjustPoint](RectTransformUtility.PixelAdjustPoint.html)| Convert a
given point in screen space into a pixel correct point.  
[PixelAdjustRect](RectTransformUtility.PixelAdjustRect.html)| Given a rect
transform, return the corner points in pixel accurate coordinates.  
[RectangleContainsScreenPoint](RectTransformUtility.RectangleContainsScreenPoint.html)|
Does the RectTransform contain the screen point?  
[ScreenPointToLocalPointInRectangle](RectTransformUtility.ScreenPointToLocalPointInRectangle.html)|
Transform a screen space point to a position in the local space of a
RectTransform that is on the plane of its rectangle.  
[ScreenPointToRay](RectTransformUtility.ScreenPointToRay.html)| Transforms a
screen space position into a ray.  
[ScreenPointToWorldPointInRectangle](RectTransformUtility.ScreenPointToWorldPointInRectangle.html)|
Transform a screen space point to a position in world space that is on the
plane of the given RectTransform.  
[WorldToScreenPoint](RectTransformUtility.WorldToScreenPoint.html)| Transforms
a position in world space into a screen space point.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

