[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# RenderQueueRange

struct in UnityEngine.Rendering

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Describes a material render queue range.

Additional resources: ScriptableRenderContext.DrawRenderers,
[FilteringSettings.renderQueueRange](Rendering.FilteringSettings-
renderQueueRange.html).

### Static Properties

[all](Rendering.RenderQueueRange-all.html)| A range that includes all objects.  
---|---  
[maximumBound](Rendering.RenderQueueRange-maximumBound.html)| Maximum value
that can be used as a bound.  
[minimumBound](Rendering.RenderQueueRange-minimumBound.html)| Minimum value
that can be used as a bound.  
[opaque](Rendering.RenderQueueRange-opaque.html)| A range that includes only
opaque objects.  
[transparent](Rendering.RenderQueueRange-transparent.html)| A range that
includes only transparent objects.  
  
### Properties

[lowerBound](Rendering.RenderQueueRange-lowerBound.html)| Inclusive lower
bound for the range.  
---|---  
[upperBound](Rendering.RenderQueueRange-upperBound.html)| Inclusive upper
bound for the range.  
  
### Constructors

[RenderQueueRange](Rendering.RenderQueueRange-ctor.html)| Create a render
queue range struct.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

