[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# AttachmentIndexArray

struct in UnityEngine.Rendering

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Struct encapsulating a fixed list of attachment indices used when declaring
native render passes.

This fixed size struct allows for non-GC declaration of the required indices.
Indices point into the attachment list as pass to
[CommandBuffer.BeginRenderPass](Rendering.CommandBuffer.BeginRenderPass.html)  
  
Additional resources:
[CommandBuffer.BeginRenderPass](Rendering.CommandBuffer.BeginRenderPass.html).

### Static Properties

[Emtpy](Rendering.AttachmentIndexArray.Emtpy.html)| Utility to declare an
empty index array.  
---|---  
[MaxAttachments](Rendering.AttachmentIndexArray.MaxAttachments.html)| Maximum
number of indices this struct can hold. This is directly tied to the maximum
number of attachments in a native render pass (8).  
  
### Properties

[Length](Rendering.AttachmentIndexArray.Length.html)| Number of elements in
the AttachmentIndexArrayp.  
---|---  
  
### Constructors

[AttachmentIndexArray](Rendering.AttachmentIndexArray-ctor.html)| Create and
initialize a new AttachmentIndexArray.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

