[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# BatchDrawCommand

struct in UnityEngine.Rendering

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents a draw command for a
[BatchRendererGroup](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.html).

### Properties

[batchID](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-batchID.html)| The batch ID that this
draw command uses. Determines the metadata values that are available to a
shader.  
---|---  
[flags](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-flags.html)| Specifies rendering options
for the draw command.  
[lightmapIndex](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-lightmapIndex.html)| The index of
the baked lightmap used in this draw command. If
BatchDrawCommandFlags.UseLegacyLightmapsKeyword is not set, this value is
ignored.  
[materialID](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-materialID.html)| Identifies which
Material to use to render the instances in this draw command.  
[meshID](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-meshID.html)| Identifies which Mesh to use
to render the instances in this draw command.  
[sortingPosition](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-sortingPosition.html)| Together
with BatchDrawCommand.flags, this specifies how to depth sort the instances in
this draw command.  
[splitVisibilityMask](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-splitVisibilityMask.html)|
Indicates which splits that the draw command is visible in.  
[submeshIndex](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-submeshIndex.html)| Specifies which
sub-mesh of the Mesh identified by BatchDrawCommand.meshID to use to render
the instances in this draw command.  
[visibleCount](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-visibleCount.html)| The number of
instances to draw with this draw command. This must be a value greater than 1.  
[visibleOffset](Rendering.BatchDrawCommand-visibleOffset.html)| The index of
the element in BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands.visibleInstances that matches
the first instance in this draw command.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

