[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# BlendShapeBufferLayout

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Determines the data that Unity returns when you call
[Mesh.GetBlendShapeBuffer](Mesh.GetBlendShapeBuffer.html).

When you call `Mesh.GetBlendShapeBuffer`, you can access one of two buffers
containing blend shape vertices. Use this value to determine which buffer to
access. The default is
[BlendShapeBufferLayout.PerShape](Rendering.BlendShapeBufferLayout.PerShape.html).  
  
Additional resources: [Mesh data: blend
shapes](../Manual/AnatomyofaMesh.html#blend-shapes.html),
[Mesh.GetBlendShapeBuffer](Mesh.GetBlendShapeBuffer.html).

### Properties

[PerShape](Rendering.BlendShapeBufferLayout.PerShape.html)| Order the data by
blend shape.  
---|---  
[PerVertex](Rendering.BlendShapeBufferLayout.PerVertex.html)| Order the data
by mesh vertex.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

