[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[GraphicsSettings](Rendering.GraphicsSettings.html).lightsUseColorTemperature

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static bool lightsUseColorTemperature;

### Description

Whether to use a Light's color temperature when calculating the final color of
that Light."

Enable to use the correlated color temperature (abbreviated as CCT) for
adjusting light color. CCT is a natural way to set light color based on the
physical properties of the light source. The CCT is multiplied with the color
filter when calculating the final color of a light source. The color
temperature of the electromagnetic radiation emitted from an ideal black body
is defined as its surface temperature in degrees Kelvin. White is 6500K
according to the D65 standard. A candle light is 1800K and a soft warm light
bulb is 2700K. If you want to use lightsUseColorTemperature,
lightsUseLinearIntensity has to be enabled to ensure physically correct
output.  
  
Additional resources:
[GraphicsSettings.lightsUseLinearIntensity](Rendering.GraphicsSettings-
lightsUseLinearIntensity.html), [[Light.useColorTemperature],
[Light.colorTemperature](Light-colorTemperature.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

