[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands

struct in UnityEngine.Rendering

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Draw commands generated by the culling request.

### Properties

[drawCommandCount](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
drawCommandCount.html)| The number of elements in the
BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands.drawCommands array.  
---|---  
[drawCommandPickingInstanceIDs](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
drawCommandPickingInstanceIDs.html)| The instance IDs that are associated with
the draw commands.  
[drawCommands](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-drawCommands.html)|
The array that contains draw commands to render as the result of the
OnPerformCulling call.  
[drawRangeCount](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
drawRangeCount.html)| The number of elements in the
BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands.drawRanges array.  
[drawRanges](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-drawRanges.html)|
Contains filtering settings for draw commands, which tell Unity in which
conditions it should render a given draw command.  
[indirectDrawCommandCount](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
indirectDrawCommandCount.html)| The number of elements in the
BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands.indirectDrawCommands array.  
[indirectDrawCommands](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
indirectDrawCommands.html)| The array that contains indirect draw commands to
render as the result of the OnPerformCulling call.  
[instanceSortingPositionFloatCount](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
instanceSortingPositionFloatCount.html)| If
BatchDrawCommandFlags.HasSortingPosition is set for one or more draw commands,
this contains float3 world-space positions that Unity uses for depth sorting.  
[instanceSortingPositions](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
instanceSortingPositions.html)| If BatchDrawCommandFlags.HasSortingPosition is
set for one or more draw commands, the instanceSortingPositions array contains
explicit float3 world space positions that Unity uses for depth sorting.The
culling callback must allocate the memory for the instanceSortingPositions
using the UnsafeUtility.Malloc method and the Allocator.TempJob parameter. The
memory is released by Unity when the rendering is complete.If the length of
the array is 0, set its value to null.  
[proceduralDrawCommandCount](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
proceduralDrawCommandCount.html)| The number of elements in the
BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands.proceduralDrawCommands array.  
[proceduralDrawCommands](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
proceduralDrawCommands.html)| The array that contains procedural draw commands
to render as the result of the OnPerformCulling call.  
[proceduralIndirectDrawCommandCount](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
proceduralIndirectDrawCommandCount.html)| The number of elements in the
BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands.proceduralIndirectDrawCommands array.  
[proceduralIndirectDrawCommands](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
proceduralIndirectDrawCommands.html)| The array that contains procedural
indirect draw commands to render as the result of the OnPerformCulling call.  
[visibleInstanceCount](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
visibleInstanceCount.html)| The number of elements in the
BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands.visibleInstances array.  
[visibleInstances](Rendering.BatchCullingOutputDrawCommands-
visibleInstances.html)| The indices of visible instances to render.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

