[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# PassType

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Shader pass type for Unity's lighting pipeline.

This corresponds to "LightMode" tag in the shader pass, see [Pass
tags](../Manual/SL-PassTags.html).

### Properties

[Normal](Rendering.PassType.Normal.html)| Regular shader pass that does not
interact with lighting.  
---|---  
[Vertex](Rendering.PassType.Vertex.html)| Legacy vertex-lit shader pass.  
[VertexLM](Rendering.PassType.VertexLM.html)| Legacy vertex-lit shader pass,
with mobile lightmaps.  
[ForwardBase](Rendering.PassType.ForwardBase.html)| Forward rendering base
pass.  
[ForwardAdd](Rendering.PassType.ForwardAdd.html)| Forward rendering additive
pixel light pass.  
[ShadowCaster](Rendering.PassType.ShadowCaster.html)| Shadow caster & depth
texure shader pass.  
[Deferred](Rendering.PassType.Deferred.html)| Deferred Shading shader pass.  
[Meta](Rendering.PassType.Meta.html)| Shader pass used to generate the albedo
and emissive values used as input to lightmapping.  
[MotionVectors](Rendering.PassType.MotionVectors.html)| Motion vector render
pass.  
[ScriptableRenderPipeline](Rendering.PassType.ScriptableRenderPipeline.html)|
Custom scriptable pipeline.  
[ScriptableRenderPipelineDefaultUnlit](Rendering.PassType.ScriptableRenderPipelineDefaultUnlit.html)|
Custom scriptable pipeline when lightmode is set to default unlit or no light
mode is set.  
[GrabPass](Rendering.PassType.GrabPass.html)| Grab Pass. Use this when you
want to detect the type of the Grab Pass compared to other passes using the
Normal type. Otherwise use Normal.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

