[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Renderer](Renderer.html).lightmapIndex

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public int lightmapIndex;

### Description

The index of the baked lightmap applied to this renderer.

The index refers to the [LightmapSettings.lightmaps](LightmapSettings-
lightmaps.html) array. A value of -1 (0xFFFF) means no lightmap has been
assigned, which is the default. A value of 0xFFFE is internally used for
objects that have their scale in lightmap set to 0; they affect lightmaps, but
don't have a lightmap assigned themselves. The index is 16 bits internally and
can't be larger than 65533 (0xFFFE).  
  
Note: this property is only serialized when building the player. In all the
other cases it's the responsibility of the Unity lightmapping system (or a
custom script that brings external lightmapping data) to set it when the Scene
loads or playmode is entered.  
  
A lightmap is a texture atlas and multiple Renderers can use different
portions of the same lightmap.  
  
Additional resources: [LightmapSettings](LightmapSettings.html) class,
[lightmapScaleOffset](Renderer-lightmapScaleOffset.html) property, [ShaderLab
properties](../Manual/SL-Properties.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

