[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# RenderTextureDescriptor

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This struct contains all the information required to create a RenderTexture.
It can be copied, cached, and reused to easily create RenderTextures that all
share the same properties. Avoid using the default constructor as it does not
initialize some flags with the recommended values.

### Properties

[autoGenerateMips](RenderTextureDescriptor-autoGenerateMips.html)| Mipmap
levels are generated automatically when this flag is set.  
---|---  
[bindMS](RenderTextureDescriptor-bindMS.html)| If true and msaaSamples is
greater than 1, the render texture will not be resolved by default. Use this
if the render texture needs to be bound as a multisampled texture in a shader.  
[colorFormat](RenderTextureDescriptor-colorFormat.html)| The format of the
RenderTarget is expressed as a RenderTextureFormat. Internally, this format is
stored as a GraphicsFormat compatible with the current system (see
SystemInfo.GetCompatibleFormat). Therefore, if you set a format and
immediately get it again, it may return a different result from the one just
set.  
[depthBufferBits](RenderTextureDescriptor-depthBufferBits.html)| The precision
of the render texture's depth buffer in bits (0, 16, 24 and 32 are supported).  
[depthStencilFormat](RenderTextureDescriptor-depthStencilFormat.html)| The
desired format of the depth/stencil buffer.  
[dimension](RenderTextureDescriptor-dimension.html)| Dimensionality (type) of
the render texture.Additional resources: RenderTexture.dimension.  
[enableRandomWrite](RenderTextureDescriptor-enableRandomWrite.html)| Enable
random access write into this render texture on Shader Model 5.0 level
shaders.Additional resources: RenderTexture.enableRandomWrite.  
[flags](RenderTextureDescriptor-flags.html)| A set of
RenderTextureCreationFlags that control how the texture is created.  
[graphicsFormat](RenderTextureDescriptor-graphicsFormat.html)| The color
format for the RenderTexture. You can set this format to None to achieve
depth-only rendering.  
[height](RenderTextureDescriptor-height.html)| The height of the render
texture in pixels.  
[memoryless](RenderTextureDescriptor-memoryless.html)| The render texture
memoryless mode property.  
[mipCount](RenderTextureDescriptor-mipCount.html)| User-defined mipmap count.  
[msaaSamples](RenderTextureDescriptor-msaaSamples.html)| The multisample
antialiasing level for the RenderTexture.Additional resources:
RenderTexture.antiAliasing.  
[shadowSamplingMode](RenderTextureDescriptor-shadowSamplingMode.html)|
Determines how the RenderTexture is sampled if it is used as a shadow
map.Additional resources: ShadowSamplingMode for more details.  
[sRGB](RenderTextureDescriptor-sRGB.html)| This flag causes the render texture
uses sRGB read/write conversions.  
[stencilFormat](RenderTextureDescriptor-stencilFormat.html)| The format of the
stencil data that you can encapsulate within a RenderTexture.Specifying this
property creates a stencil element for the RenderTexture and sets its format.
This allows for stencil data to be bound as a Texture to all shader types for
the platforms that support it. This property does not specify the format of
the stencil buffer, which is constrained by the depth buffer format specified
in RenderTexture.depth.Currently, most platforms only support R8_UInt
(DirectX11, DirectX12).  
[useDynamicScale](RenderTextureDescriptor-useDynamicScale.html)| Set to true
to enable dynamic resolution scaling on this render texture. Mutually
exclusive with RenderTextureDescriptor.useDynamicScaleExplicitAdditional
resources: RenderTexture.useDynamicScale.  
[useDynamicScaleExplicit](RenderTextureDescriptor-
useDynamicScaleExplicit.html)| Set to true to enable dynamic resolution
scaling on this render texture and control when this scaling happens. Mutually
exclusive with RenderTextureDescriptor.useDynamicScaleAdditional resources:
RenderTexture.useDynamicScaleExplicit.  
[useMipMap](RenderTextureDescriptor-useMipMap.html)| Render texture has
mipmaps when this flag is set.Additional resources: RenderTexture.useMipMap.  
[volumeDepth](RenderTextureDescriptor-volumeDepth.html)| Volume extent of a 3D
render texture.  
[vrUsage](RenderTextureDescriptor-vrUsage.html)| If this RenderTexture is a VR
eye texture used in stereoscopic rendering, this property decides what special
rendering occurs, if any. Instead of setting this manually, use the value
returned by eyeTextureDesc or other VR functions returning a
RenderTextureDescriptor.  
[width](RenderTextureDescriptor-width.html)| The width of the render texture
in pixels.  
  
### Constructors

[RenderTextureDescriptor](RenderTextureDescriptor-ctor.html)| Create a
RenderTextureDescriptor with default values, or a certain width, height, and
format.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

