[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[ScriptableRenderContext](Rendering.ScriptableRenderContext.html).PrepareRendererListsAsync

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void PrepareRendererListsAsync(List<RendererList> rendererLists);

### Parameters

rendererLists | The list of RendererList objects to prepare for rendering.  
---|---  
  
### Description

Starts to process the provided RendererLists in the background.

With this command, an application can manually start the batch processing and
filtering of the visible GameObjects. It is an asynchronous operation and the
control returns immediately to the application. To check the status for each
RendererList, use ScriptableRenderContext.QueryRendererList.  
  
If you do not use this command, then the batch processing of RendererLists
begins with
[ScriptableRenderContext.Submit](Rendering.ScriptableRenderContext.Submit.html).
By using this command, the application can start the processing of a number of
RendererLists manually at the beginning of a frame, before recording any other
rendering commands. This enables RendererList processing to overlap with other
work, which improves performance.  
  
Furthermore, by using the
[ScriptableRenderContext.QueryRendererListStatus](Rendering.ScriptableRenderContext.QueryRendererListStatus.html)
command, the application can get information about the type of visible objects
in the scene and optimize rendering accordingly (for example by skipping a
color pyramid generation pass if no objects with distortion are visible).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

