[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [RenderTexture](RenderTexture.html).GetNativeDepthBufferPtr

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-RenderTexture.html "Go to RenderTexture
Component in the Manual")

## Declaration

public IntPtr GetNativeDepthBufferPtr();

### Returns

**IntPtr** Pointer to an underlying graphics API depth buffer resource.

### Description

Retrieve a native (underlying graphics API) pointer to the depth buffer
resource.

Use this function to retrieve a pointer/handle corresponding to the depth
buffer part of the RenderTexture, as it is represented on the native graphics
API level. This can be used to enable depth buffer manipulation from [native
code plugins](../Manual/native-plugin-interface.html).  
  
Use [Texture.GetNativeTexturePtr](Texture.GetNativeTexturePtr.html) to get a
native pointer to the color buffer of a render texture, and this function to
get to the depth buffer part. For Depth and ShadowMap render texture formats,
the two functions return the same resource. The two functions will also return
the same resource if anti aliasing is enabled in the project's quality
settings.  
  
Note that calling this function when using multi-threaded rendering will
synchronize with the rendering thread (a slow operation), so best practice is
to set up needed texture pointers only at initialization time.  
  
Additional resources:
[Texture.GetNativeTexturePtr](Texture.GetNativeTexturePtr.html), [Native code
plugins](../Manual/native-plugin-interface.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

