[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# RenderBufferLoadAction

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This enum describes what should be done on the render target when it is
activated (loaded).

When the GPU starts rendering into a render target, this setting specifies the
action that should be performed on the existing contents of the surface. Tile-
based GPUs may get performance advantage if the load action is Clear or
DontCare. The user should avoid using RenderBufferLoadAction.Load whenever
possible.  
  
Please note that not all platforms have load/store actions, so this setting
might be ignored at runtime. Generally mobile-oriented graphics APIs (OpenGL
ES, Metal) take advantage of these settings.  
  
If you use `RenderBufferLoadAction.DontCare`, rendering might fail or produce
artefacts because undefined pixels in the [depth texture](../Manual/SL-
CameraDepthTexture.html) cause depth testing to fail. You can use
[LoadStoreActionDebugModeSettings](Rendering.LoadStoreActionDebugModeSettings.html)
to highlight undefined pixels.

### Properties

[Load](Rendering.RenderBufferLoadAction.Load.html)| When this RenderBuffer is
activated, preserve the existing contents of it. This setting is expensive on
tile-based GPUs and should be avoided whenever possible.  
---|---  
[Clear](Rendering.RenderBufferLoadAction.Clear.html)| Upon activating the
render buffer, clear its contents. Currently only works together with the
RenderPass API.  
[DontCare](Rendering.RenderBufferLoadAction.DontCare.html)| When this
RenderBuffer is activated, the GPU is instructed not to care about the
existing contents of that RenderBuffer. On tile-based GPUs this means that the
RenderBuffer contents do not need to be loaded into the tile memory, providing
a performance boost.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

