[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Renderer](Renderer.html).materials

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public Material[] materials;

### Description

Returns all the instantiated materials of this object.

This is an array of all materials used by the renderer. Unity supports a
single object using multiple materials; in this case `materials` contains all
the materials. [sharedMaterial](Renderer-sharedMaterial.html) and
[material](Renderer-material.html) properties return the first used material
if there is more than one.  
  
Modifying any material in `materials` will change the appearance of only that
object.  
  
Note that like all arrays returned by Unity, this returns a copy of materials
array. If you want to change some materials in it, get the value, change an
entry and set materials back.  
  
**Note:**  
This function automatically instantiates the materials and makes them unique
to this renderer. It is your responsibility to destroy the materials when the
game object is being destroyed.
[Resources.UnloadUnusedAssets](Resources.UnloadUnusedAssets.html) also
destroys the materials but it is usually only called when loading a new level.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

