[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# RenderTargetBlendState

struct in UnityEngine.Rendering

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Values for the blend state.

Additional resources: [RenderStateBlock](Rendering.RenderStateBlock.html),
[ShaderLab: Blending](../Manual/SL-Blend.html).

### Static Properties

[defaultValue](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-defaultValue.html)| Default
values for the blend state.  
---|---  
  
### Properties

[alphaBlendOperation](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-
alphaBlendOperation.html)| Operation used for blending the alpha (A) channel.  
---|---  
[colorBlendOperation](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-
colorBlendOperation.html)| Operation used for blending the color (RGB)
channel.  
[destinationAlphaBlendMode](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-
destinationAlphaBlendMode.html)| Blend factor used for the alpha (A) channel
of the destination.  
[destinationColorBlendMode](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-
destinationColorBlendMode.html)| Blend factor used for the color (RGB) channel
of the destination.  
[sourceAlphaBlendMode](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-
sourceAlphaBlendMode.html)| Blend factor used for the alpha (A) channel of the
source.  
[sourceColorBlendMode](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-
sourceColorBlendMode.html)| Blend factor used for the color (RGB) channel of
the source.  
[writeMask](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-writeMask.html)| Specifies which
color components will get written into the target framebuffer.  
  
### Constructors

[RenderTargetBlendState](Rendering.RenderTargetBlendState-ctor.html)| Creates
a new blend state with the given values.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

