[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# GraphicsFence

struct in UnityEngine.Rendering

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Used to manage synchronisation between tasks on async compute queues and the
graphics queue.

Not all platforms support graphics fences. See
[SystemInfo.supportsGraphicsFence](SystemInfo-supportsGraphicsFence.html).  
  
A [GraphicsFence](Rendering.GraphicsFence.html) represents a point during GPU
processing after a specific compute shader dispatch or draw call has
completed. It can be used to achieve synchronisation between tasks running on
the async compute queues or the graphics queue by having one or more queues
wait until a given fence has passed. This is an important consideration when
working with async compute because the various tasks running at the same time
on the graphics queue and the async compute queues are key to improving GPU
performance.  
  
You don't need to use a graphics fence to synchronise a GPU task writing to a
resource and another GPU task reading the resource. Unity handles these
resource dependencies automatically.  
  
You must create a graphics fence using
[Graphics.CreateGraphicsFence](Graphics.CreateGraphicsFence.html) or
[CommandBuffer.CreateGraphicsFence](Rendering.CommandBuffer.CreateGraphicsFence.html),
otherwise Unity raises an exception.  
  
It's possible to create circular dependencies that deadlock the GPU. Unity
detects circular dependencies in the Editor, and raises exceptions if any
dependencies exist after calls to the following:

  * [Graphics.CreateGraphicsFence](Graphics.CreateGraphicsFence.html)
  * [Graphics.ExecuteCommandBuffer](Graphics.ExecuteCommandBuffer.html)
  * [Graphics.ExecuteCommandBufferAsync](Graphics.ExecuteCommandBufferAsync.html)
  * [ScriptableRenderContext.ExecuteCommandBuffer](Rendering.ScriptableRenderContext.ExecuteCommandBuffer.html)
  * [ScriptableRenderContext.ExecuteCommandBufferAsync](Rendering.ScriptableRenderContext.ExecuteCommandBufferAsync.html)

Additional resources:
[CommandBuffer.WaitOnAsyncGraphicsFence](Rendering.CommandBuffer.WaitOnAsyncGraphicsFence.html),
[Graphics.ExecuteCommandBuffer](Graphics.ExecuteCommandBuffer.html),
[Graphics.ExecuteCommandBufferAsync](Graphics.ExecuteCommandBufferAsync.html),
[ScriptableRenderContext.ExecuteCommandBuffer](Rendering.ScriptableRenderContext.ExecuteCommandBuffer.html),
[ScriptableRenderContext.ExecuteCommandBufferAsync](Rendering.ScriptableRenderContext.ExecuteCommandBufferAsync.html).

### Properties

[passed](Rendering.GraphicsFence-passed.html)|  true if GPU execution has
passed the processing point where you inserted the GraphicsFence, otherwise
false.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

