[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [RenderSettings](RenderSettings.html).ambientProbe

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static
[Rendering.SphericalHarmonicsL2](Rendering.SphericalHarmonicsL2.html)
ambientProbe;

### Description

An ambient probe that captures environment lighting.

Unity generates the ambient probe when you generate lighting for a scene. If
you haven't yet generated lighting in a scene, Unity uses a default ambient
probe that matches the default skybox instead. Unity uses the ambient probe to
make sure environment lighting affects your scene and the GameObjects in it by
default.  
  
Unity does not use this probe to affect GameObjects that you manually
associate with Light Probes and light maps in the Global Illumination system.
This is because manually generated Light Probes and light maps include an
environment contribution by default.  
  
As a result, adjusting this automatically generated ambient probe does not
affect Enlighten Realtime Global Illumination and Baked Global Illumination
lighting results. If you want to affect Global Illumination values with this
ambient probe, select an [AmbientMode](Rendering.AmbientMode.html) and make
any manual adjustments needed to use that mode.  
  
Additional resources: [ambientMode](RenderSettings-ambientMode.html),
[SphericalHarmonicsL2](Rendering.SphericalHarmonicsL2.html), [The Lighting
window](../Manual/lighting-window.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

