[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# VertexAttribute

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Possible attribute types that describe a vertex in a Mesh.

[Mesh](Mesh.html) vertex data comprised of different Vertex Attributes. For
example, a vertex can include a Position, Normal, TexCoord0 and Color. Not all
Meshes have all possible VertexAttributes. You can use this enum to query
which VertexAttributes a Mesh uses.  
  
Additional resources: [Mesh.HasVertexAttribute](Mesh.HasVertexAttribute.html),
[Mesh.GetVertexAttributes](Mesh.GetVertexAttributes.html),
[VertexAttributeDescriptor](Rendering.VertexAttributeDescriptor.html).

### Properties

[Position](Rendering.VertexAttribute.Position.html)| Vertex position.  
---|---  
[Normal](Rendering.VertexAttribute.Normal.html)| Vertex normal.  
[Tangent](Rendering.VertexAttribute.Tangent.html)| Vertex tangent.  
[Color](Rendering.VertexAttribute.Color.html)| Vertex color.  
[TexCoord0](Rendering.VertexAttribute.TexCoord0.html)| Primary texture
coordinate (UV).  
[TexCoord1](Rendering.VertexAttribute.TexCoord1.html)| Additional texture
coordinate.  
[TexCoord2](Rendering.VertexAttribute.TexCoord2.html)| Additional texture
coordinate.  
[TexCoord3](Rendering.VertexAttribute.TexCoord3.html)| Additional texture
coordinate.  
[TexCoord4](Rendering.VertexAttribute.TexCoord4.html)| Additional texture
coordinate.  
[TexCoord5](Rendering.VertexAttribute.TexCoord5.html)| Additional texture
coordinate.  
[TexCoord6](Rendering.VertexAttribute.TexCoord6.html)| Additional texture
coordinate.  
[TexCoord7](Rendering.VertexAttribute.TexCoord7.html)| Additional texture
coordinate.  
[BlendWeight](Rendering.VertexAttribute.BlendWeight.html)| Bone blend weights
for skinned Meshes.  
[BlendIndices](Rendering.VertexAttribute.BlendIndices.html)| Bone indices for
skinned Meshes.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

