[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# BatchRendererGroup

class in UnityEngine.Rendering

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A `BatchRendererGroup` is an object that lets you perform customizable high
performance rendering.

You can set up batches in advance to set up groups of instances with shared
metadata values that describe how to load Material properties. Whenever Unity
renders a `BatchRendererGroup`, it invokes the `OnPerformCulling` callback to
perform visibility culling and to generate a variable sized list of draw
commands that describe how to render the visible parts of the
`BatchRendererGroup`. Each draw command instructs Unity to render a group of
instances from a given batch with a specific Mesh and Material.

### Static Properties

[BufferTarget](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.BufferTarget.html)| The buffer
target BatchRendererGroup.AddBatch accepts for the active graphics API.  
---|---  
  
### Constructors

[BatchRendererGroup](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup-ctor.html)| Constructor for
a BatchRendererGroup object.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[AddBatch](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.AddBatch.html)| Create a draw command
batch that shares a single set of metadata values and a single GraphicsBuffer.  
---|---  
[Dispose](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.Dispose.html)| Deletes a group.  
[GetRegisteredMaterial](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.GetRegisteredMaterial.html)|
Returns the previously registered Material associated with this MaterialID.  
[GetRegisteredMesh](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.GetRegisteredMesh.html)|
Returns the previously registered Mesh associated with this MeshID.  
[GetThreadedBatchContext](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.GetThreadedBatchContext.html)|
Get the thread-safe API for interacting with a BatchRendererGroup from Burst
jobs.  
[RegisterMaterial](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.RegisterMaterial.html)|
Registers a Material in BatchRendererGroup and returns its BatchMaterialID.
Each registration of a specific Material increases its number of owners by 1.  
[RegisterMesh](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.RegisterMesh.html)| Registers a
mesh in BatchRendererGroup and returns its BatchMeshID. Each registration of a
specific mesh increases its number of owners by 1.  
[RemoveBatch](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.RemoveBatch.html)| Delete a batch
that was previously created with AddBatch.  
[SetBatchBuffer](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.SetBatchBuffer.html)| Change the
GraphicsBuffer associated with the given batch.  
[SetEnabledViewTypes](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.SetEnabledViewTypes.html)|
Set the combination of BatchCullingViewType for which this BatchRendererGroup
should receive an OnPerformCulling callback.  
[SetErrorMaterial](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.SetErrorMaterial.html)| Set
the error material for the BatchRendererGroup. This material will be used
internally by Unity to render the draw commands referring to erroneous
shaders. You can also pass 'null' to this method to unset the material.  
[SetGlobalBounds](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.SetGlobalBounds.html)| Set the
bounds of the BatchRendererGroup. The bounds should encapsulate the render
bounds of every object rendered with this BatchRendererGroup. Unity uses these
bounds internally for culling.  
[SetLoadingMaterial](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.SetLoadingMaterial.html)|
Set the loading material for the BatchRendererGroup.  
[SetPickingMaterial](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.SetPickingMaterial.html)|
Set the material that Unity uses to render object picking data using the draw
commands in the Scene view.  
[UnregisterMaterial](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.UnregisterMaterial.html)|
Unregister the Material ID associated with BatchRendererGroup. Each
deregistration of a specific Material reduces its number of owners by 1.  
[UnregisterMesh](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.UnregisterMesh.html)| Unregister
the mesh ID associated with BatchRendererGroup. Each deregistration of a
specific mesh reduces its number of owners by 1.  
  
### Static Methods

[GetConstantBufferMaxWindowSize](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.GetConstantBufferMaxWindowSize.html)|
Defines the maxiumum amount (in bytes) the BatchRendererGroup constant buffer
window size is visible from the shader.  
---|---  
[GetConstantBufferOffsetAlignment](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.GetConstantBufferOffsetAlignment.html)|  
  
### Delegates

[OnFinishedCulling](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.OnFinishedCulling.html)|
Finished culling callback function.  
---|---  
[OnPerformCulling](Rendering.BatchRendererGroup.OnPerformCulling.html)|
Culling callback function.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

