[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# CompareFunction

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Depth or stencil comparison function.

### Properties

[Disabled](Rendering.CompareFunction.Disabled.html)| Depth or stencil test is
disabled.  
---|---  
[Never](Rendering.CompareFunction.Never.html)| Never pass depth or stencil
test.  
[Less](Rendering.CompareFunction.Less.html)| Pass depth or stencil test when
new value is less than current value.  
[Equal](Rendering.CompareFunction.Equal.html)| Pass depth or stencil test when
values are equal.  
[LessEqual](Rendering.CompareFunction.LessEqual.html)| Pass depth or stencil
test when new value is less or equal than current value.  
[Greater](Rendering.CompareFunction.Greater.html)| Pass depth or stencil test
when new value is greater than current value.  
[NotEqual](Rendering.CompareFunction.NotEqual.html)| Pass depth or stencil
test when values are different.  
[GreaterEqual](Rendering.CompareFunction.GreaterEqual.html)| Pass depth or
stencil test when new value is greater or equal than current value.  
[Always](Rendering.CompareFunction.Always.html)| Always pass depth or stencil
test.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

