[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html).MovePosition

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void MovePosition([Vector2](Vector2.html) position);

### Parameters

position | The new position for the Rigidbody object.  
---|---  
  
### Description

Moves the rigidbody to `position`.

Moves the rigidbody to the specified `position` by calculating the appropriate
linear velocity required to move the rigidbody to that position during the
next physics update. During the move, neither gravity or
[linearDamping](Rigidbody2D-linearDamping.html) will affect the body. This
causes the object to rapidly move from the existing position, through the
world, to the specified `position`.  
  
Because this feature allows a rigidbody to be moved rapidly to the specified
`position` through the world, any colliders attached to the rigidbody will
react as expected i.e. they will produce collisions and/or triggers. This also
means that if the colliders produce a collision then it will affect the
rigidbody movement and potentially stop it from reaching the specified
`position` during the next physics update. If the rigidbody is kinematic then
any collisions won't affect the rigidbody itself and will only affect any
other dynamic colliders.  
  
2D rigidbodies have a fixed limit on how fast they can move therefore
attempting to move large distances over short time-scales can result in the
rigidbody not reaching the specified `position` during the next physics
update. It is recommended that you use this for relatively small distance
movements only.  
  
It is important to understand that the actual position change will only occur
during the next physics update therefore calling this method repeatedly
without waiting for the next physics update will result in the last call being
used. For this reason, it is recommended that it is called during the
FixedUpdate callback.  
  
**Note:** [MovePosition](Rigidbody2D.MovePosition.html) is intended for use
with kinematic rigidbodies.

    
    
    // Move sprite bottom left to upper right.  It does not stop moving.
    // The [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html) gives the position for the cube.  
      
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public [Texture2D](Texture2D.html) tex;  
      
        private [Vector2](Vector2.html) velocity;
        private [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html) rb2D;
        private [Sprite](Sprite.html) mySprite;
        private [SpriteRenderer](SpriteRenderer.html) sr;  
      
        void Awake()
        {
            sr = gameObject.AddComponent<[SpriteRenderer](SpriteRenderer.html)>();
            rb2D = gameObject.AddComponent<[Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html)>();
        }  
      
        void Start()
        {
            mySprite = [Sprite.Create](Sprite.Create.html)(tex, new [Rect](Rect.html)(0.0f, 0.0f, tex.width, tex.height), new [Vector2](Vector2.html)(0.5f, 0.5f), 100.0f);
            velocity = new [Vector2](Vector2.html)(1.75f, 1.1f);
            sr.color = new [Color](Color.html)(0.9f, 0.9f, 0.0f, 1.0f);  
      
            transform.position = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(-2.0f, -2.0f, 0.0f);
            sr.sprite = mySprite;
        }  
      
        void [FixedUpdate](PlayerLoop.FixedUpdate.html)()
        {
            rb2D.MovePosition(rb2D.position + velocity * [Time.fixedDeltaTime](Time-fixedDeltaTime.html));
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

