[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Rigidbody](Rigidbody.html).position

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Rigidbody.html "Go to Rigidbody Component
in the Manual")

public [Vector3](Vector3.html) position;

### Description

The position of the rigidbody.

[Rigidbody.position](Rigidbody-position.html) allows you to get and set the
position of a Rigidbody using the physics engine. If you change the position
of a Rigibody using [Rigidbody.position](Rigidbody-position.html), the
transform will be updated after the next physics simulation step. This is
faster than updating the position using [Transform.position](Transform-
position.html), as the latter will cause all attached Colliders to recalculate
their positions relative to the Rigidbody.  
  
If you want to continuously move a rigidbody use MovePosition instead, which
takes interpolation into account.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        void Start()
        {
            GetComponent<[Rigidbody](Rigidbody.html)>().position = [Vector3.zero](Vector3-zero.html);
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

