[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Rigidbody](Rigidbody.html).linearVelocity

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Rigidbody.html "Go to Rigidbody Component
in the Manual")

public [Vector3](Vector3.html) linearVelocity;

### Description

The linear velocity vector of the rigidbody. It represents the rate of change
of Rigidbody position.

In most cases you should not modify the velocity directly, as this can result
in unrealistic behaviour - use AddForce instead Do not set the linear velocity
of an object every physics step, this will lead to unrealistic physics
simulation. A typical usage is where you would change the velocity is when
jumping in a first person shooter, because you want an immediate change in
velocity.  
  
**Note:** The linearVelocity is a world-space property.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    // The velocity along the y axis is 10 units per second.  If the [GameObject](GameObject.html) starts at (0,0,0) then
    // it will reach (0,100,0) units after 10 seconds.  
      
    public class ExampleClass : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        public [Rigidbody](Rigidbody.html) rb;  
      
        private float time = 0.0f;
        private bool isMoving = false;
        private bool isJumpPressed = false;  
      
    
        void Start()
        {
            rb = GetComponent<[Rigidbody](Rigidbody.html)>();
        }  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            isJumpPressed = [Input.GetButtonDown](Input.GetButtonDown.html)("Jump");
        }  
      
        void [FixedUpdate](PlayerLoop.FixedUpdate.html)()
        {
            if (isJumpPressed)
            {
                // the cube moves up the y axis at a rate of 10 units per second
                rb.linearVelocity = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(0, 10, 0);
                isMoving = true;
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("jump");
            }  
      
            if (isMoving)
            {
                // when the cube has moved for 10 seconds, report its position
                time = time + [Time.fixedDeltaTime](Time-fixedDeltaTime.html);
                if (time > 10.0f)
                {
                    [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)(gameObject.transform.position.y + " : " + time);
                    time = 0.0f;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

**Note:** A velocity in Unity is units per second. The units are often thought
of as metres but could be millimetres or light years. Unity velocity also has
the speed in X, Y, and Z defining the direction. Additionally, setting the
linear velocity of a kinematic rigidbody is not allowed and will have no
effect.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

