[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html).IsTouchingLayers

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public bool IsTouchingLayers(int layerMask = Physics2D.AllLayers);

### Parameters

layerMask | Any colliders on any of these layers count as touching.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**bool** Whether any of the collider(s) attached to this rigidbody are
touching any colliders on the specified `layerMask` or not.

### Description

Checks whether any of the collider(s) attached to this rigidbody are touching
any colliders on the specified `layerMask` or not.

It is important to understand that checking if colliders are touching or not
is performed against the last physics system update i.e. the state of touching
colliders at that time. If you have just added a new
[Collider2D](Collider2D.html) or have moved a [Collider2D](Collider2D.html)
but a physics update has not yet taken place then the colliders will not be
shown as touching. The touching state is identical to that indicated by the
physics collision or trigger callbacks.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

