[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SlideResults

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.Physics2DModule](UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The results of a slide movement performed with
[Rigidbody2D.Slide](Rigidbody2D.Slide.html).

These results can be used to both tune movement configuration and to implement
further logic to react to the specific surfaces encountered when a slide
occurs.  
  
**NOTE:** This struct can be used in the Unity Inspector for display purposes.  
  
Additional resources: [Rigidbody2D.Slide](Rigidbody2D.Slide.html) and
[SlideMovement](Rigidbody2D.SlideMovement.html).

### Properties

[iterationsUsed](Rigidbody2D.SlideResults-iterationsUsed.html)| Returns the
number of iterations used when performing a Rigidbody2D.Slide.  
---|---  
[position](Rigidbody2D.SlideResults-position.html)| The position that was
calculate as a target position to move to when performing a Rigidbody2D.Slide.  
[remainingVelocity](Rigidbody2D.SlideResults-remainingVelocity.html)| Returns
the remaining velocity that couldn't be used when performing a
Rigidbody2D.Slide.  
[slideHit](Rigidbody2D.SlideResults-slideHit.html)| The specific contact found
when a slide movement is performed with Rigidbody2D.Slide.  
[surfaceHit](Rigidbody2D.SlideResults-surfaceHit.html)| The specific contact
found when a slide movement is performed with Rigidbody2D.Slide.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

