[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SceneTemplateAsset

class in UnityEditor.SceneTemplate

/

Inherits from:[ScriptableObject](ScriptableObject.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

An Asset that stores everything required to instantiate a new Scene from a
templated Scene.

### Properties

[addToDefaults](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-addToDefaults.html)| Use this
field to add this template to the list of default templates in the New scene
dialog.  
---|---  
[badge](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-badge.html)| The Scene template's
badge.  
[dependencies](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-dependencies.html)| Lists
Scene dependencies, and specifies whether to clone or reference each one.  
[description](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-description.html)| A
description of the Scene template. This description can be long. In the Unity
editor, it appears on multiple lines.  
[isValid](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-isValid.html)| Specifies whether
the Scene template is valid. Invalid templates do not appear in the New Scene
dialog.  
[preview](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-preview.html)| The Scene template's
preview image or icon.  
[templateName](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-templateName.html)| A user-
defined name for the Scene template Asset. By default, this is the template's
file name.  
[templatePipeline](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-templatePipeline.html)| A
script that derives from ISceneTemplatePipeline. It allows you to execute
custom code when a template is instantiated.  
[templateScene](SceneTemplate.SceneTemplateAsset-templateScene.html)| The
Scene that is copied when the Scene template is instantiated.  
  
### Inherited Members

### Properties

[hideFlags](Object-hideFlags.html)| Should the object be hidden, saved with
the Scene or modifiable by the user?  
---|---  
[name](Object-name.html)| The name of the object.  
  
### Public Methods

[GetInstanceID](Object.GetInstanceID.html)| Gets the instance ID of the
object.  
---|---  
[ToString](Object.ToString.html)| Returns the name of the object.  
  
### Static Methods

[Destroy](Object.Destroy.html)| Removes a GameObject, component or asset.  
---|---  
[DestroyImmediate](Object.DestroyImmediate.html)| Destroys the object obj
immediately. You are strongly recommended to use Destroy instead.  
[DontDestroyOnLoad](Object.DontDestroyOnLoad.html)| Do not destroy the target
Object when loading a new Scene.  
[FindAnyObjectByType](Object.FindAnyObjectByType.html)| Retrieves any active
loaded object of Type type.  
[FindFirstObjectByType](Object.FindFirstObjectByType.html)| Retrieves the
first active loaded object of Type type.  
[FindObjectsByType](Object.FindObjectsByType.html)| Retrieves a list of all
loaded objects of Type type.  
[Instantiate](Object.Instantiate.html)| Clones the object original and returns
the clone.  
[InstantiateAsync](Object.InstantiateAsync.html)| Captures a snapshot of the
original object (that must be related to some GameObject) and returns the
AsyncInstantiateOperation.  
[CreateInstance](ScriptableObject.CreateInstance.html)| Creates an instance of
a scriptable object.  
  
### Operators

[bool](Object-operator_Object.html)| Does the object exist?  
---|---  
[operator !=](Object-operator_ne.html)| Compares if two objects refer to a
different object.  
[operator ==](Object-operator_eq.html)| Compares two object references to see
if they refer to the same object.  
  
### Messages

[Awake](ScriptableObject.Awake.html)| Called when an instance of
ScriptableObject is created.  
---|---  
[OnDestroy](ScriptableObject.OnDestroy.html)| This function is called when the
scriptable object will be destroyed.  
[OnDisable](ScriptableObject.OnDisable.html)| This function is called when the
scriptable object goes out of scope.  
[OnEnable](ScriptableObject.OnEnable.html)| This function is called when the
object is loaded.  
[OnValidate](ScriptableObject.OnValidate.html)| Editor-only function that
Unity calls when the script is loaded or a value changes in the Inspector.  
[Reset](ScriptableObject.Reset.html)| Reset to default values.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

