[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SceneAsset

class in UnityEditor

/

Inherits from:[Object](Object.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

SceneAsset is used to reference Scene objects in the Editor.

This can be used as the type for ObjectField UI elements, to allow the user to
pick a Scene object as the value of the field.  
  
This example shows how to pick a Scene in the editor. The ScenePicker
component is placed on a game object in the Scene:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class ScenePicker : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [[SerializeField](SerializeField.html)]
        public string scenePath;
    }
    

The ScenePickerEditor script must be in the Editor directory of the project.
It provides the custom inspector in the editor that uses the SceneAsset class
in an ObjectField to allow the user to pick a Scene.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);  
      
    [[CustomEditor](CustomEditor.html)(typeof(ScenePicker), true)]
    public class ScenePickerEditor : [Editor](Editor.html)
    {
        public override void OnInspectorGUI()
        {
            var picker = target as ScenePicker;
            var oldScene = [AssetDatabase.LoadAssetAtPath](AssetDatabase.LoadAssetAtPath.html)<[SceneAsset](SceneAsset.html)>(picker.scenePath);  
      
            serializedObject.Update();  
      
            [EditorGUI.BeginChangeCheck](EditorGUI.BeginChangeCheck.html)();
            var newScene = [EditorGUILayout.ObjectField](EditorGUILayout.ObjectField.html)("scene", oldScene, typeof([SceneAsset](SceneAsset.html)), false) as [SceneAsset](SceneAsset.html);  
      
            if ([EditorGUI.EndChangeCheck](EditorGUI.EndChangeCheck.html)())
            {
                var newPath = [AssetDatabase.GetAssetPath](AssetDatabase.GetAssetPath.html)(newScene);
                var scenePathProperty = serializedObject.FindProperty("scenePath");
                scenePathProperty.stringValue = newPath;
            }
            serializedObject.ApplyModifiedProperties();
        }
    }
    

### Inherited Members

### Properties

[hideFlags](Object-hideFlags.html)| Should the object be hidden, saved with
the Scene or modifiable by the user?  
---|---  
[name](Object-name.html)| The name of the object.  
  
### Public Methods

[GetInstanceID](Object.GetInstanceID.html)| Gets the instance ID of the
object.  
---|---  
[ToString](Object.ToString.html)| Returns the name of the object.  
  
### Static Methods

[Destroy](Object.Destroy.html)| Removes a GameObject, component or asset.  
---|---  
[DestroyImmediate](Object.DestroyImmediate.html)| Destroys the object obj
immediately. You are strongly recommended to use Destroy instead.  
[DontDestroyOnLoad](Object.DontDestroyOnLoad.html)| Do not destroy the target
Object when loading a new Scene.  
[FindAnyObjectByType](Object.FindAnyObjectByType.html)| Retrieves any active
loaded object of Type type.  
[FindFirstObjectByType](Object.FindFirstObjectByType.html)| Retrieves the
first active loaded object of Type type.  
[FindObjectsByType](Object.FindObjectsByType.html)| Retrieves a list of all
loaded objects of Type type.  
[Instantiate](Object.Instantiate.html)| Clones the object original and returns
the clone.  
[InstantiateAsync](Object.InstantiateAsync.html)| Captures a snapshot of the
original object (that must be related to some GameObject) and returns the
AsyncInstantiateOperation.  
  
### Operators

[bool](Object-operator_Object.html)| Does the object exist?  
---|---  
[operator !=](Object-operator_ne.html)| Compares if two objects refer to a
different object.  
[operator ==](Object-operator_eq.html)| Compares two object references to see
if they refer to the same object.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

