[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[SceneView.CameraSettings](SceneView.CameraSettings.html).accelerationEnabled

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public bool accelerationEnabled;

### Description

Enables Camera movement acceleration in the [SceneView](SceneView.html). This
makes the Camera accelerate for the duration of movement.

When acceleration is disabled, the camera moves at a constant speed based on
the [speed](SceneView.CameraSettings-speed.html) value. When acceleration is
enabled, the camera initially moves at a speed based on the
[speed](SceneView.CameraSettings-speed.html) value, and continuously increases
speed until movement stops. In both cases, if
[easingEnabled](SceneView.CameraSettings-easingEnabled.html) is enabled, the
speed will ease in when the camera starts moving, and ease out when it stops.  
  
With acceleration enabled, you may find it easier to move both short and long
distances without needing to frequently change the
[speed](SceneView.CameraSettings-speed.html) value.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

