[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [GarbageCollector](Scripting.GarbageCollector.html).GCMode

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static
[Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.html)
GCMode;

### Description

Set and get global garbage collector operation mode.

Setting the global operation mode changes the garbage collector behaviour for
the entire application.  
  
Not supported on the WebGL platform and in the Editor.  
  
It is recommended that you only change the garbage collector operation mode on
the application level and do not change it in third party libraries.  
  
Subscribe to the
[GarbageCollector.GCModeChanged](Scripting.GarbageCollector.GCModeChanged.html)
event to get notified when the garbage collector mode is changed.  
  
**Disabling the Garbage Collector** Disabling the garbage collector by
assigning
[GarbageCollector.Mode.Disabled](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.Disabled.html)
completely disables the garbage collector. This means that the garbage
collector thread will never stop your application to perform a collection.
Also, calling System.GC.Collect() will have no effect and will not start a
collection. Disabling the garbage collector has to be done with great care, as
continuous allocations after disabling the garbage collector will result in a
continuous increase in memory usage.  
  
It is recommended that you only disable the garbage collector for long lived
allocations. For example, in a game you should allocate all required memory
for a level and then disable the garbage collector to avoid overhead during
the level. After the level is completed and all memory is released, the
garbage collector can then be enabled again and System.GC.Collect() can be
called to reclaim memory before loading the next level.  
  
**Controlling the Garbage Collector manually** You can set GCMode to
[GarbageCollector.Mode.Manual](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.Manual.html).
This disables automatic invocations of the garbage collector, but still allows
you to manually perform garbage collection. Manual collection gives you
control over when collections happen, so you can fine-tune the smoothness of
your content or your memory usage. Call either System.GC.Collect() for a full,
blocking collection, or
[GarbageCollector.CollectIncremental](Scripting.GarbageCollector.CollectIncremental.html)
to perform incremental garbage collection.  
  
Additional resources:
[GarbageCollector.Mode.Enabled](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.Enabled.html),
[GarbageCollector.Mode.Disabled](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.Disabled.html),
[GarbageCollector.Mode.Manual](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.Manual.html).

    
    
    using [System](Rendering.VirtualTexturing.System.html);
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Scripting;  
      
    public class GarbageCollectorExample
    {
        static void ListenForGCModeChange()
        {
            // Listen on garbage collector mode changes.
            [GarbageCollector.GCModeChanged](Scripting.GarbageCollector.GCModeChanged.html) += (GarbageCollector.Mode mode) =>
            {
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("GCModeChanged: " + mode);
            };
        }  
      
        static void LogMode()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("GCMode: " + [GarbageCollector.GCMode](Scripting.GarbageCollector.GCMode.html));
        }  
      
        static void EnableGC()
        {
            [GarbageCollector.GCMode](Scripting.GarbageCollector.GCMode.html) = [GarbageCollector.Mode.Enabled](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.Enabled.html);
            // Trigger a collection to free memory.
            GC.Collect();
        }  
      
        static void DisableGC()
        {
            [GarbageCollector.GCMode](Scripting.GarbageCollector.GCMode.html) = [GarbageCollector.Mode.Disabled](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.Disabled.html);
        }
    }
    

Using the GCMode API.

    
    
    using [System](Rendering.VirtualTexturing.System.html);
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.Profiling;
    using UnityEngine.Scripting;  
      
    public class GCManualControl : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        // Perform an incremental collection every time we allocate more than 8 MB
        const long kCollectAfterAllocating = 8 * 1024 * 1024;  
      
        // Perform an instant, full GC if we have more than 128 MB of managed heap.
        const long kHighWater = 128 * 1024 * 1024;  
      
        long lastFrameMemory = 0;
        long nextCollectAt = 0;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            // Set GC to manual collections only.
            [GarbageCollector.GCMode](Scripting.GarbageCollector.GCMode.html) = [GarbageCollector.Mode.Manual](Scripting.GarbageCollector.Mode.Manual.html);
        }  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            long mem = [Profiler.GetMonoUsedSizeLong](Profiling.Profiler.GetMonoUsedSizeLong.html)();
            if (mem < lastFrameMemory)
            {
                // GC happened.
                nextCollectAt = mem + kCollectAfterAllocating;
            }
            if (mem > kHighWater)
            {
                // Trigger immediate GC
                System.GC.Collect(0);
            }
            else if (mem >= nextCollectAt)
            {
                // Trigger incremental GC
                UnityEngine.Scripting.GarbageCollector.CollectIncremental();
                lastFrameMemory = mem + kCollectAfterAllocating;
            }
            lastFrameMemory = mem;
        }
    }
    

Manual GC control using GarbageCollector.Mode.Manual.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

