[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ValueType

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Search value supported types.

### Properties

[Nil](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Nil.html)| Indicates that the search value
is null.  
---|---  
[Bool](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Bool.html)| Indicates that the search
value is a Boolean value.  
[Number](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Number.html)| Indicates that the search
value is a numeric value.  
[Text](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Text.html)| Indicates that the search
value is a text value.  
[Color](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Color.html)| Indicates that the search
value is a UnityEngine.Color value.  
[Enum](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Enum.html)| Indicates that the search
value is an enum value holding the text and integer representation of the
Enum.  
[Object](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Object.html)| Indicates that the search
value is an UnityEngine.Object.  
[Vector2](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Vector2.html)| Indicates that the
search value hold a UnityEngine.Vector2 value.  
[Vector3](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Vector3.html)| Indicates that the
search value hold a UnityEngine.Vector3 value.  
[Vector4](Search.SearchValue.ValueType.Vector4.html)| Indicates that the
search value hold a UnityEngine.Vector4 value.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

