[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# RefreshFlags

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Refresh flags are used to indicate why search view needs to be refreshed or
updated.

### Properties

[None](Search.RefreshFlags.None.html)| No particular refresh reason were
specified.  
---|---  
[Default](Search.RefreshFlags.Default.html)| Normal refresh.  
[StructureChanged](Search.RefreshFlags.StructureChanged.html)| The structure
of the current selection data has changed (i.e. the selected scene object got
a new component).  
[DisplayModeChanged](Search.RefreshFlags.DisplayModeChanged.html)| The display
mode or item size has changed.  
[ItemsChanged](Search.RefreshFlags.ItemsChanged.html)| The search item list
has been updated.  
[GroupChanged](Search.RefreshFlags.GroupChanged.html)| The current item group
has changed. In example, the user selected a new search tab.  
[QueryStarted](Search.RefreshFlags.QueryStarted.html)| A search query is about
to be executed.  
[QueryCompleted](Search.RefreshFlags.QueryCompleted.html)| A search query has
completed.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

