[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SearchViewFlags

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Search view flags used to open the Object Picker in various states.

### Properties

[None](Search.SearchViewFlags.None.html)| The Search Picker window will be
opened using default options.  
---|---  
[Debug](Search.SearchViewFlags.Debug.html)| The Search Picker window reports
debugging information while running queries.  
[NoIndexing](Search.SearchViewFlags.NoIndexing.html)| The Search Picker window
will ignore any indexed search entry while executing the search query.  
[Packages](Search.SearchViewFlags.Packages.html)| The Search Picker window
will include results from packages.  
[OpenLeftSidePanel](Search.SearchViewFlags.OpenLeftSidePanel.html)| The Search
Picker window will open with the Saved Searches panel open.  
[OpenInspectorPreview](Search.SearchViewFlags.OpenInspectorPreview.html)| The
Search Picker window will open with the Preview Inspector open.  
[Centered](Search.SearchViewFlags.Centered.html)| The Object Picker window
will open centered in the main Editor window.  
[HideSearchBar](Search.SearchViewFlags.HideSearchBar.html)| The Search Picker
window will hide the Search field. This means the user will not be able to
edit the initial search query used to open the Search window.  
[CompactView](Search.SearchViewFlags.CompactView.html)| The Object Picker
window will open in compact list view.  
[ListView](Search.SearchViewFlags.ListView.html)| The Search Picker window
will open in list view.  
[GridView](Search.SearchViewFlags.GridView.html)| The Search Picker window
will open in grid view.  
[TableView](Search.SearchViewFlags.TableView.html)| The Search Picker window
will open in table view.  
[EnableSearchQuery](Search.SearchViewFlags.EnableSearchQuery.html)| This flag
enables the use of the Saved Searches workflow in the Search Picker window.  
[DisableInspectorPreview](Search.SearchViewFlags.DisableInspectorPreview.html)|
This flag disables the use of the Inspector Preview in the Search Picker
window.  
[DisableSavedSearchQuery](Search.SearchViewFlags.DisableSavedSearchQuery.html)|
When creating a new search window, this flag can be used to disable the saved
search query side panel.  
[OpenInBuilderMode](Search.SearchViewFlags.OpenInBuilderMode.html)| This flag
forces the picker to open in builder mode.  
[OpenInTextMode](Search.SearchViewFlags.OpenInTextMode.html)| This flag forces
the picker to open in text mode.  
[DisableBuilderModeToggle](Search.SearchViewFlags.DisableBuilderModeToggle.html)|
This flag disables the ability to switch between text mode and builder mode.  
[Borderless](Search.SearchViewFlags.Borderless.html)| Opens a search window
without any borders. This is useful to open the search window as a popup
window for a quick pick.  
[DisableQueryHelpers](Search.SearchViewFlags.DisableQueryHelpers.html)| No
query helper page will show up if the search query text is empty and no result
is yielded.  
[DisableNoResultTips](Search.SearchViewFlags.DisableNoResultTips.html)| When
no results are yielded by a query, do not display the no result tips page.  
[IgnoreSavedSearches](Search.SearchViewFlags.IgnoreSavedSearches.html)| This
flag ensure the previous search text from previous Search Window usage won't
be restored. Thus the search window will always open with empty search text.  
[ObjectPicker](Search.SearchViewFlags.ObjectPicker.html)| This flags tells
that the search window needs to be shown as an Object Picker. By default we
show the picker with a limited UI.  
[ObjectPickerAdvancedUI](Search.SearchViewFlags.ObjectPickerAdvancedUI.html)|
If the ObjectPicker flag is used, it tells the system to show the Object
Picker Window using the full Search Window UI.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

