[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SearchItem

class in UnityEditor.Search

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Search items are returned by the search provider to show to the user after a
search is performed. The search item holds all the data that is used to sort
and present the search results. Some members of a SearchItem can be specified
in an asynchronous callback (see SearchItem.fetchThumbnail,
SearchItem.fetchDescription, etc).

SearchItems are generally created using the
[SearchProvider.CreateItem](Search.SearchProvider.CreateItem.html) function.
This example shows how to create a SearchItem with all the members.

    
    
    [SearchItemProvider]
    internal static [SearchProvider](Search.SearchProvider.html) CreateProvider()
    {
        return new [SearchProvider](Search.SearchProvider.html)(id, name)
        {
            filterId = "hex:",
            priority = 99999, // put example provider at a low priority
            showDetailsOptions = [ShowDetailsOptions.Description](Search.ShowDetailsOptions.Description.html) | [ShowDetailsOptions.Preview](Search.ShowDetailsOptions.Preview.html),
            fetchItems = (context, items, provider) =>
            {
                var expression = context.searchQuery;
                if (expression.Length == 6 && IsHex(expression))
                {
                    expression = "#" + expression;
                    items.Add(provider.CreateItem(context, expression, GetColorName(expression),
                        "Look at this " + GetColorName(expression) + " color!",
                        CreateTextureFromColor(expression, 64, 64), null));
                }
                return null;
            },
            fetchPreview = (item, context, size, options) =>
            {
                return CreateTextureFromColor(item.id, (int)size.x, (int)size.y);
            },
        };
    }
    

### Static Properties

[clear](Search.SearchItem-clear.html)| A search item representing none,
usually used to clear the selection.  
---|---  
  
### Properties

[context](Search.SearchItem-context.html)| Context used to create that item.  
---|---  
[data](Search.SearchItem-data.html)| Search provider defined content. It can
be used to transport any data to custom search provider handlers (i.e.
`fetchDescription`).  
[description](Search.SearchItem-description.html)| If no description is
provided, SearchProvider.fetchDescription will be called when the item is
first displayed.  
[id](Search.SearchItem-id.html)| Unique ID of the search item for the search
provider.  
[label](Search.SearchItem-label.html)| Display name of the search item.  
[options](Search.SearchItem-options.html)| Flags that dictate how the search
item is displayed and used.  
[preview](Search.SearchItem-preview.html)| Large preview of the search item.
Usually cached by fetchPreview.  
[provider](Search.SearchItem-provider.html)| Back pointer to the search
provider.  
[score](Search.SearchItem-score.html)| The item relevance score will affect
how the item gets sorted by the search provider. Lower scored items have more
relevance and are prioritzed.  
[this[string]](Search.SearchItem.Index_operator.html)| Operator used to get an
item field value.  
[thumbnail](Search.SearchItem-thumbnail.html)| If no thumbnail is provided,
SearchProvider.fetchThumbnail is called when the item is first displayed.  
[value](Search.SearchItem-value.html)| Value set by the search expression
system when selecting fields.  
  
### Constructors

[SearchItem](Search.SearchItem-ctor.html)| Construct a search item. A search
item needs to have at least a unique ID for a given search query.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[CompareTo](Search.SearchItem.CompareTo.html)| Check if two SearchItems have
the same ID.  
---|---  
[Equals](Search.SearchItem.Equals.html)| Check if two SearchItems have the
same ID.  
[GetDescription](Search.SearchItem.GetDescription.html)| Fetch and format
description.  
[GetFieldCount](Search.SearchItem.GetFieldCount.html)| Returns the amount of
field stored in the search item.  
[GetFieldNames](Search.SearchItem.GetFieldNames.html)| Returns a list of all
field names.  
[GetFields](Search.SearchItem.GetFields.html)| Enumerate all search items
fields.  
[GetHashCode](Search.SearchItem.GetHashCode.html)| Default Hash of a
SearchItem.  
[GetLabel](Search.SearchItem.GetLabel.html)| Fetch and format label.  
[GetPreview](Search.SearchItem.GetPreview.html)| Gets the search item preview
if available, otherwise the preview is fetched at this time.  
[GetThumbnail](Search.SearchItem.GetThumbnail.html)| Gets the search item
thumbnail if available, otherwise the thumbnail is fetched at this time. The
thumbnail is usually used in list view compared to the grid view.  
[GetValue](Search.SearchItem.GetValue.html)| Get the default search item value
of a given field.  
[RemoveField](Search.SearchItem.RemoveField.html)| Removes an item field.  
[SetField](Search.SearchItem.SetField.html)| Sets a field value and alias.  
[ToObject](Search.SearchItem.ToObject.html)| Returns any valid Unity Object
held by the search item.  
[TryGetField](Search.SearchItem.TryGetField.html)| Returns an item field if
available.  
[TryGetValue](Search.SearchItem.TryGetValue.html)| Returns' a field's value if
any. Compared to SearchItem.TryGetField this method also resolved built-in
field such as id, label, description, value, etc.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

