[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SearchContextAttribute

class in UnityEngine.Search

/

Inherits from:[PropertyAttribute](PropertyAttribute.html)

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This attribute can be attached to a component object field in order to have
the ObjectField use the advanced Object Picker.

    
    
    [[SearchContext](Search.SearchContext.html)("t:mesh is:nested mesh", "asset")]
    public UnityEngine.Object assetMesh;

### Properties

[flags](Search.SearchContextAttribute-flags.html)| Search view flags used to
open the Object Picker in various states.  
---|---  
[instantiableProviders](Search.SearchContextAttribute-
instantiableProviders.html)| Search provider concrete types that will be
instantiated and assigned to the Object Picker search context.  
[providerIds](Search.SearchContextAttribute-providerIds.html)| A list of
Search Provider IDs that will be used to create the search context.  
[query](Search.SearchContextAttribute-query.html)| Initial search query used
to open the Object Picker window.  
  
### Constructors

[SearchContextAttribute](Search.SearchContextAttribute-ctor.html)| Search
context constructor used to add some search context to an object field.  
---|---  
  
### Inherited Members

### Properties

[applyToCollection](PropertyAttribute-applyToCollection.html)| Makes attribute
affect collections instead of their items.  
---|---  
[order](PropertyAttribute-order.html)| Optional field to specify the order
that multiple DecorationDrawers should be drawn in.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

