[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [SearchExpression](Search.SearchExpression.html).CreateItem

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static [Search.SearchItem](Search.SearchItem.html) CreateItem(string
label, object value, string description);

## Declaration

public static [Search.SearchItem](Search.SearchItem.html) CreateItem(string
value, string label);

## Declaration

public static [Search.SearchItem](Search.SearchItem.html) CreateItem(double
value, string label);

## Declaration

public static [Search.SearchItem](Search.SearchItem.html) CreateItem(int
value, string label);

### Parameters

label | Optional label of the SearchItem. This will be displayed in the search Window.  
---|---  
value | Initial value of the SearchItem.  
description | Optional description of the SearchItem. This will be displayed in the search Window.  
  
### Returns

**SearchItem** Returns a new SearchItem.

### Description

Create a new [SearchItem](Search.SearchItem.html) from a value with an
optional label.

    
    
    [Description("Returns asset paths corresponding to a list of instance ids")]
    [SearchExpressionEvaluator("IdsToPaths", [SearchExpressionEvaluationHints.ThreadNotSupported](Search.SearchExpressionEvaluationHints.ThreadNotSupported.html), [SearchExpressionType.Iterable](Search.SearchExpressionType.Iterable.html))]
    public static IEnumerable<[SearchItem](Search.SearchItem.html)> IdsToPath([SearchExpressionContext](Search.SearchExpressionContext.html) c)
    {
        foreach (var idItem in c.args[0].Execute(c))
        {
            if ([SearchExpression.TryConvertToDouble](Search.SearchExpression.TryConvertToDouble.html)(idItem, out var idNum))
            {
                var id = (int)idNum;
                var path = [AssetDatabase.GetAssetPath](AssetDatabase.GetAssetPath.html)(id);
                if (!string.IsNullOrEmpty(path))
                {
                    yield return [SearchExpression.CreateItem](Search.SearchExpression.CreateItem.html)(path, c.ResolveAlias("asset path"));
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

