[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SearchViewState

class in UnityEditor.Search

Leave feedback

  

Implements
interfaces:[ISerializationCallbackReceiver](ISerializationCallbackReceiver.html)

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Search view state is used to create new Search windows. See
[SearchService.ShowWindow](Search.SearchService.ShowWindow.html).

    
    
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using UnityEditor.Search;
    using UnityEngine.Search;  
      
    static class SearchWindows
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Search/Views/Simple Search Bar 1")] public static void SearchViewFlags1() => CreateWindow([SearchViewFlags.None](Search.SearchViewFlags.None.html));
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Search/Views/Simple Search Bar 2")] public static void SearchViewFlags2() => CreateWindow([SearchViewFlags.EnableSearchQuery](Search.SearchViewFlags.EnableSearchQuery.html));
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Search/Views/Simple Search Bar 3")] public static void SearchViewFlags3() => CreateWindow([SearchViewFlags.DisableInspectorPreview](Search.SearchViewFlags.DisableInspectorPreview.html));
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Search/Views/Simple Search Bar 4")] public static void SearchViewFlags4() => CreateWindow([SearchViewFlags.EnableSearchQuery](Search.SearchViewFlags.EnableSearchQuery.html) | [SearchViewFlags.DisableInspectorPreview](Search.SearchViewFlags.DisableInspectorPreview.html));  
      
        static void CreateWindow([SearchViewFlags](Search.SearchViewFlags.html) flags)
        {
            var searchContext = [SearchService.CreateContext](Search.SearchService.CreateContext.html)(string.Empty);
            var viewArgs = new [SearchViewState](Search.SearchViewState.html)(searchContext, [SearchViewFlags.CompactView](Search.SearchViewFlags.CompactView.html) | flags) { title = flags.ToString() };
            [SearchService.ShowWindow](Search.SearchService.ShowWindow.html)(viewArgs);
        }
    }

### Static Properties

[defaultSize](Search.SearchViewState-defaultSize.html)| Determine the default
search view size when it first opens.  
---|---  
  
### Properties

[context](Search.SearchViewState-context.html)| Search context used to
populate the search view.  
---|---  
[excludeClearItem](Search.SearchViewState-excludeClearItem.html)| Set to true
to hide the None item when in picker mode.  
[flags](Search.SearchViewState-flags.html)| Various search view options.  
[group](Search.SearchViewState-group.html)| Indicates the group or tab to be
selected when the Search window opens.  
[groupChanged](Search.SearchViewState-groupChanged.html)| External handler
used to be notified when the user changes the current group/tab.  
[hasQueryPanel](Search.SearchViewState-hasQueryPanel.html)| Is the
SearchViewState allows for the left side Query panel to be shown.  
[hasWindowSize](Search.SearchViewState-hasWindowSize.html)| Determines if the
search view was opened with a predefined size. If false, then it means the
search view was opened the previous window size it was last closed with.  
[hideAllGroup](Search.SearchViewState-hideAllGroup.html)| Determine if the All
group/tab should be hidden.  
[hideTabs](Search.SearchViewState-hideTabs.html)| Indicates if the search tabs
(group providers) should be hidden or shown.  
[ignoreSaveSearches](Search.SearchViewState-ignoreSaveSearches.html)| If true,
the search view will not load previous saved searches.  
[isQueryPanelVisible](Search.SearchViewState-isQueryPanelVisible.html)| Is the
Left side query panel shown?  
[itemSize](Search.SearchViewState-itemSize.html)| Indicates the item size to
be used when the Search window opens.  
[position](Search.SearchViewState-position.html)| If defined, indicates the
location of the new Search window when it opens.  
[queryBuilderEnabled](Search.SearchViewState-queryBuilderEnabled.html)| If
true, the search view will be opened in builder mode.  
[selectHandler](Search.SearchViewState-selectHandler.html)| External handler
triggered when the user has selected an item in picker mode.  
[sessionId](Search.SearchViewState-sessionId.html)| Unique session ID
generated by the system each time a search view is opened.  
[tableConfig](Search.SearchViewState-tableConfig.html)| Access the search
table configuration used if in table view.  
[text](Search.SearchViewState-text.html)| Text used to initialize the search
view.  
[title](Search.SearchViewState-title.html)| Indicates the search topic title.  
[trackingHandler](Search.SearchViewState-trackingHandler.html)| External
handler triggered each time the user clicks on an item in the search view.  
[windowSize](Search.SearchViewState-windowSize.html)| Determine the size the
search view was opened with.  
[windowTitle](Search.SearchViewState-windowTitle.html)| If defined, this title
will be used to open a new search view and sets the EditorWindow.titleContent.  
  
### Constructors

[SearchViewState](Search.SearchViewState-ctor.html)| Create search view flags
used to create a new Search window.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[GetProviderIds](Search.SearchViewState.GetProviderIds.html)| Returns all the
search provider ids in the current search context.  
---|---  
[GetProviderTypes](Search.SearchViewState.GetProviderTypes.html)| Returns all
the search provider types in the current search context.  
[HasFlag](Search.SearchViewState.HasFlag.html)| Checks if the search view was
defined with specific set of flags.  
[ToString](Search.SearchViewState.ToString.html)| Convert SearchViewState to a
string.  
  
### Static Methods

[CreatePickerState](Search.SearchViewState.CreatePickerState.html)| Create a
SearchViewState specially setup to show an Object Picker.  
---|---  
[LoadDefaults](Search.SearchViewState.LoadDefaults.html)| Returns a newly
created default search view state.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

