[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SearchExpressionType

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Type used to characterize an expression. An expression might have multiple
types. For example a Set is also an iterable. A keyword is also considered a
string value. [SearchExpressionType](Search.SearchExpressionType.html) can be
used with
[SearchExpressionEvaluatorAttribute](Search.SearchExpressionEvaluatorAttribute.html)
to describe the parameter list of an evaluator.

    
    
    [SearchExpressionEvaluator([SearchExpressionType.Iterable](Search.SearchExpressionType.Iterable.html) | [SearchExpressionType.Variadic](Search.SearchExpressionType.Variadic.html))]
    [SearchExpressionEvaluatorSignatureOverload([SearchExpressionType.Number](Search.SearchExpressionType.Number.html), [SearchExpressionType.Iterable](Search.SearchExpressionType.Iterable.html) | [SearchExpressionType.Variadic](Search.SearchExpressionType.Variadic.html))]
    [Description("Extract and returns the X first results for each expression.")]
    public static IEnumerable<[SearchItem](Search.SearchItem.html)> TakeXFirst([SearchExpressionContext](Search.SearchExpressionContext.html) c)
    {
        var argIndex = 0;
        var takeNumber = 1;
        if (c.args[0].types.HasFlag([SearchExpressionType.Number](Search.SearchExpressionType.Number.html)))
        {
            ++argIndex;
            takeNumber = Math.Max((int)(c.args[0].GetNumberValue(takeNumber)), 0);
        }
    
        for ( ; argIndex < c.args.Length; ++argIndex)
        {
            var iterable = c.args[argIndex].Execute(c);
            var taken = 0;
            foreach (var item in iterable)
            {
                if (item == null)
                    yield return null;
                else
                {
                    yield return item;
                    ++taken;
                    if (taken == takeNumber)
                    {
                        c.Break();
                        break;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

### Properties

[Nil](Search.SearchExpressionType.Nil.html)| Denote an invalid Expression.  
---|---  
[Optional](Search.SearchExpressionType.Optional.html)| Used in
SearchExpressionEvaluatorAttribute to specify a aprameter to be Optional.  
[Variadic](Search.SearchExpressionType.Variadic.html)| Used in
SearchExpressionEvaluatorAttribute to specify that a parameter can be used
multiples times. For example count{Iterable1, Iterable2,... IterableN} can be
executed with any number of iterables are parameters.  
[Boolean](Search.SearchExpressionType.Boolean.html)| Denote a Literal
expression of a boolean value.  
[Number](Search.SearchExpressionType.Number.html)| Denote a Literal expression
of a numerical value.  
[Text](Search.SearchExpressionType.Text.html)| Denote an expression
representing a textual (string) value.  
[Selector](Search.SearchExpressionType.Selector.html)| Denote an expression
representing a selector. All selector starts with @. For example @size in
expression: select{t:material, @size}.  
[Keyword](Search.SearchExpressionType.Keyword.html)| Denote an expression
yielding a SearchExpressionKeyword.  
[Set](Search.SearchExpressionType.Set.html)| Denote an iterable expression of
a group of generally literal values. For example [1, 2, 3] or [material,
shader, texture2d].  
[Function](Search.SearchExpressionType.Function.html)| Denotes an expression
of an evaluator function. For example: count{}.  
[QueryString](Search.SearchExpressionType.QueryString.html)| Denote an
expression representing a query string. For example: t:shader.  
[Expandable](Search.SearchExpressionType.Expandable.html)| Denotes an
expression using the ... operator to tell it can be expanded.  
[Group](Search.SearchExpressionType.Group.html)| Denote an expression of a
group of items. Groups are generated by the groupBy{} evaluator.  
[Literal](Search.SearchExpressionType.Literal.html)| Denote an expression
built from a literal values: boolean, number, text or keyword. For example in
the set expression [1,"hello",true] all set values are literals.  
[Iterable](Search.SearchExpressionType.Iterable.html)| Denote an expression
that can iterated to yield SearchItem. Set: [1, 2, 3], Query String: t:shader
and evaluator: count{} are all example of iterables.  
[AnyValue](Search.SearchExpressionType.AnyValue.html)| Denote an expression
with a value type: either Literal or Iterable.  
[AnyExpression](Search.SearchExpressionType.AnyExpression.html)| Denote any
expression of any type (Literal, Iterable or Selector).  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

