[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ITableView

interface in UnityEditor.Search

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Table view interface.

### Properties

[context](Search.ITableView-context.html)| Returns the search context driving
the table view.  
---|---  
[readOnly](Search.ITableView-readOnly.html)| Invoked to check if the table
view is read-only.  
  
### Public Methods

[AddColumn](Search.ITableView.AddColumn.html)| Invoked when the table view
need to add a new column at a specific location.  
---|---  
[AddColumns](Search.ITableView.AddColumns.html)| Invoked when a set of columns
are inserted.  
[GetColumns](Search.ITableView.GetColumns.html)| Invoked when the table needs
to get the list of columns to be displayed.  
[GetElements](Search.ITableView.GetElements.html)| Invoked when the property
table needs all view elements not necessarily sorted.  
[GetRows](Search.ITableView.GetRows.html)| Invoked when the property table
needs all search items sorted.  
[GetSearchTable](Search.ITableView.GetSearchTable.html)| Invoked to get the
table configuration.  
[OnItemExecuted](Search.ITableView.OnItemExecuted.html)| Invoked when the user
double click on a search item row.  
[OpenContextualMenu](Search.ITableView.OpenContextualMenu.html)| Invoked when
the user opens a contextual menu on the selected search item row.  
[RemoveColumn](Search.ITableView.RemoveColumn.html)| Invoked when a column
gets removed.  
[SetDirty](Search.ITableView.SetDirty.html)| Invoked when the table view gets
dirty.  
[SetSelection](Search.ITableView.SetSelection.html)| Invoked when the table
view selection has changed.  
[SetupColumns](Search.ITableView.SetupColumns.html)| Invoked when columns are
being intialized.  
[SwapColumns](Search.ITableView.SwapColumns.html)| Invoked when two columns
are being swapped.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

