[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# PropertyDatabaseType

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

An enum representing the type of data stored in a record.

### Properties

[None](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.None.html)| Indicates that nothing is
stored in the record.  
---|---  
[FixedString](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.FixedString.html)| Indicates that a
fixed length string is stored in the record.  
[String](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.String.html)| Indicates that a string is
stored in the record.  
[Bool](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Bool.html)| Indicates that a bool is stored
in the record.  
[Byte](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Byte.html)| Indicates that a byte is stored
in the record.  
[Short](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Short.html)| Indicates that a short
integer is stored in the record.  
[UnsignedShort](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.UnsignedShort.html)| Indicates
that an unsigned short integer is stored in the record.  
[Integer](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Integer.html)| Indicates that an integer
is stored in the record.  
[UnsignedInteger](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.UnsignedInteger.html)| Indicates
that an unsigned integer is stored in the record.  
[Long](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Long.html)| Indicates that a long integer
is stored in the record.  
[UnsignedLong](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.UnsignedLong.html)| Indicates that
an unsigned long integer is stored in the record.  
[Double](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Double.html)| Indicates that a double is
stored in the record.  
[Float](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Float.html)| Indicates that a float is
stored in the record.  
[GlobalObjectId](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.GlobalObjectId.html)| Indicates
that a global object id is stored in the record.  
[Vector4](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Vector4.html)| Indicates that a Vector4
is stored in the record.  
[Color](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Color.html)| Indicates that a Color is
stored in the record.  
[Color32](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Color32.html)| Indicates that a Color32
is stored in the record.  
[InstanceId](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.InstanceId.html)| Indicates that an
instance id is stored in the record.  
[GameObjectProperty](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.GameObjectProperty.html)|
Indicates that a game object property is stored in the record.  
[Volatile](Search.PropertyDatabaseType.Volatile.html)| Indicates that a
volatile object is stored in the record.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

