[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SerializedPropertyType

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents the type of a [SerializedProperty](SerializedProperty.html).

Additional resources: [SerializedProperty.propertyType](SerializedProperty-
propertyType.html).

### Properties

[Generic](SerializedPropertyType.Generic.html)| Represents an array, list,
struct or class.  
---|---  
[Integer](SerializedPropertyType.Integer.html)| Represents an integer
property, for example int, byte, short, uint and long.  
[Boolean](SerializedPropertyType.Boolean.html)| Represents a boolean property.  
[Float](SerializedPropertyType.Float.html)| Represents a single or double
precision floating point property.  
[String](SerializedPropertyType.String.html)| Represents a string property.  
[Color](SerializedPropertyType.Color.html)| Represents a color property.  
[ObjectReference](SerializedPropertyType.ObjectReference.html)| Provides a
reference to an object that derives from UnityEngine.Object.  
[LayerMask](SerializedPropertyType.LayerMask.html)| Represents a LayerMask
property.  
[Enum](SerializedPropertyType.Enum.html)| Represents an enumeration property.  
[Vector2](SerializedPropertyType.Vector2.html)| Represents a 2D vector
property.  
[Vector3](SerializedPropertyType.Vector3.html)| Represents a 3D vector
property.  
[Vector4](SerializedPropertyType.Vector4.html)| Represents a 4D vector
property.  
[Rect](SerializedPropertyType.Rect.html)| Represents a rectangle property.  
[ArraySize](SerializedPropertyType.ArraySize.html)| Represents an array size
property.  
[Character](SerializedPropertyType.Character.html)| Represents a character
property.  
[AnimationCurve](SerializedPropertyType.AnimationCurve.html)| Represents an
AnimationCurve property.  
[Bounds](SerializedPropertyType.Bounds.html)| Represents a bounds property.  
[Gradient](SerializedPropertyType.Gradient.html)| Represents a gradient
property.  
[Quaternion](SerializedPropertyType.Quaternion.html)| Represents a quaternion
property.  
[ExposedReference](SerializedPropertyType.ExposedReference.html)| Provides a
reference to another Object in the Scene.  
[FixedBufferSize](SerializedPropertyType.FixedBufferSize.html)| Represents a
fixed buffer size property.  
[Vector2Int](SerializedPropertyType.Vector2Int.html)| Represents a 2D integer
vector property.  
[Vector3Int](SerializedPropertyType.Vector3Int.html)| Represents a 3D integer
vector property.  
[RectInt](SerializedPropertyType.RectInt.html)| Represents a rectangle with
Integer values property.  
[BoundsInt](SerializedPropertyType.BoundsInt.html)| Represents a bounds with
Integer values property.  
[ManagedReference](SerializedPropertyType.ManagedReference.html)| Represents a
property that references an object that does not derive from
UnityEngine.Object.  
[Hash128](SerializedPropertyType.Hash128.html)| Represents a Hash128 property.  
[RenderingLayerMask](SerializedPropertyType.RenderingLayerMask.html)|
Represents a RenderingLayerMask property.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

