[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ShaderMessage

struct in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Contains information about messages generated by Unity's Shader Compiler.

### Properties

[file](ShaderMessage-file.html)| The source file where the shader message was
found.  
---|---  
[line](ShaderMessage-line.html)| The line of code where the shader message was
found.  
[message](ShaderMessage-message.html)| The message returned by the Unity
Shader Compiler.  
[messageDetails](ShaderMessage-messageDetails.html)| An (optional) detailed
message returned from the Unity Shader Compiler.  
[platform](ShaderMessage-platform.html)| The specific platform where the Unity
Shader Compiler discovered the message.  
[severity](ShaderMessage-severity.html)| Indicates the severity of the message
returned from the Unity Shader Compiler.  
  
### Constructors

[ShaderMessage](ShaderMessage-ctor.html)| Creates a new ShaderMessage with the
given message and severity.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[Equals](ShaderMessage.Equals.html)| Compares two ShaderMessage on an element-
by-element basis.  
---|---  
[GetHashCode](ShaderMessage.GetHashCode.html)| Generates a hash value based on
the contents of the message.  
  
### Operators

[operator !=](ShaderMessage-operator_ne.html)| Returns true if any of the
elements of the two arguments are not equal.  
---|---  
[operator ==](ShaderMessage-operator_eq.html)| Returns true if all memebers of
the two arguments are equal.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

