[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# KeyCombination

struct in UnityEditor.ShortcutManagement

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents a combination of a non-modifier key and zero or more modifier keys.

### Properties

[action](ShortcutManagement.KeyCombination-action.html)| Is the action key
modifier part of the key combination? The action key represents the Control
key on Windows and Linux, and the Command key on macOS.  
---|---  
[alt](ShortcutManagement.KeyCombination-alt.html)| Is the Alt key (or Option
key on macOS) modifier part of the key combination?  
[control](ShortcutManagement.KeyCombination-control.html)| Determines if the
Control key modifier is part of the key combination. Represents the Control
key on Windows, macOS, and Linux.  
[keyCode](ShortcutManagement.KeyCombination-keyCode.html)| Key code
representing non-modifier key of key combination.  
[modifiers](ShortcutManagement.KeyCombination-modifiers.html)| Modifier keys
of key combination.  
[shift](ShortcutManagement.KeyCombination-shift.html)| Is the Shift key
modifier part of key combination?  
  
### Constructors

[KeyCombination](ShortcutManagement.KeyCombination-ctor.html)| Creates a new
key combination with given key code and shortcut modifiers.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[ToString](ShortcutManagement.KeyCombination.ToString.html)| Returns string
representation of key combination.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

