[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ShortcutAttribute

class in UnityEditor.ShortcutManagement

/

Inherits
from:[ShortcutManagement.ShortcutBaseAttribute](ShortcutManagement.ShortcutBaseAttribute.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Registers a static method as the action for an action shortcut.

An action shortcut triggers when the binding for the shortcut is pressed down.
The method that this attribute is placed on must either take no arguments or
take a single argument of type
[ShortcutArguments](ShortcutManagement.ShortcutArguments.html).  
  
You can bind a
[ClutchShortcutAttribute](ShortcutManagement.ClutchShortcutAttribute.html) and
a [ShortcutAttribute](ShortcutManagement.ShortcutAttribute.html) to the same
mouse button. In this case, the action shortcut triggers when the mouse button
is released.

### Properties

[displayName](ShortcutManagement.ShortcutAttribute-displayName.html)| Optional
override of the Shortcut ID when listing the Shortcut in the configuration
interface.  
---|---  
  
### Constructors

[ShortcutAttribute](ShortcutManagement.ShortcutAttribute-ctor.html)| Creates
an attribute for an action shortcut with an ID, optional context, and optional
default binding.  
---|---  
  
### Inherited Members

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

