[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [SimulationMode2D](SimulationMode2D.html).Script

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Use this enumeration to specify to Unity that it should execute the physics
simulation manually when you call
[Physics2D.Simulate](Physics2D.Simulate.html).

Executing the physics simulation in a script provides full control over when
the simulation runs and the time over which it runs. Using this mode, you can
emulate both [SimulationMode2D.FixedUpdate](SimulationMode2D.FixedUpdate.html)
and [SimulationMode2D.Update](SimulationMode2D.Update.html) along with any
other custom time interval.  
  
The stability and determinism of the simulation depends on when Unity executes
the simulation. If the simulation runs each frame, then it is always
synchronized, including contacts between [Collider2D](Collider2D.html)s. This
means that [Rigidbody2D](Rigidbody2D.html) interpolation is not required.  
  
Additional resources:
[Physics2D.simulationMode](Physics2D-simulationMode.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

