[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Space

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The coordinate spaces in which to apply transformation to a GameObject.

You can pass a value from this enum as a parameter to methods such as
[Transform.Rotate](Transform.Rotate.html) and
[Transform.Translate](Transform.Translate.html) to specify which coordinate
space the transformation is applied in.  
  
World coordinate space represented by [Space.World](Space.World.html) refers
to the position of a GameObject relative to the origin point (0,0,0) of the
x-, y-, and z-axes of the scene. The [Transform.position](Transform-
position.html) property gives a GameObject's current position in world space.  
  
Use [Space.World](Space.World.html) to transform a GameObject relative to its
[Transform.position](Transform-position.html) and the scene axes, ignoring the
GameObject's own orientation. For example,
`transform.Translate(Vector3.forward, Space.World)` adds one unit to the
object's [Transform.position](Transform-position.html) on the z-axis of the
scene.  
  
Local coordinate space represented by [Space.Self](Space.Self.html) refers to
the position of an object relative to its parent GameObject, including any
rotation of the parent GameObject. The [Transform.localPosition](Transform-
localPosition.html) property gives a GameObject's current position in local
space, which is relative to the parent GameObject if there is one. If a
GameObject has no parent, its [Transform.localPosition](Transform-
localPosition.html) is the same as its [Transform.position](Transform-
position.html).  
  
For example, a GameObject with no parent and a [Transform.position](Transform-
position.html) of (1,3,0) will also have a
[Transform.localPosition](Transform-localPosition.html) of (1,3,0). But if a
child GameObject to this first object has [Transform.position](Transform-
position.html) (1,3,0), the child object's
[Transform.localPosition](Transform-localPosition.html) is (0,0,0) because
it's in the same position as the parent object.  
  
Use [Space.Self](Space.Self.html) to transform a GameObject relative to its
[Transform.localPosition](Transform-localPosition.html) and its own local
axes, taking its orientation into account. For example,
`Transform.Translate(Vector3.forward, Space.Self)` adds one unit to the
object's [Transform.localPosition](Transform-localPosition.html) on the z-axis
of the object, which may differ from the z-axis of the scene depending on the
object's orientation. Select an object in the Scene view to see its local
position and axes.  
  
For more information, refer to [Transforms](../Manual/class-Transform.html),
[Rotation and orientation in
Unity](../Manual/QuaternionAndEulerRotationsInUnity.html), and [Position
GameObjects](../Manual/PositioningGameObjects.html) in the Manual.

    
    
    // Attach this script to a [GameObject](GameObject.html).
    // This example demonstrates the difference between [Space.World](Space.World.html) and [Space.Self](Space.Self.html) in rotation.
    // The inWorldSpace field is automatically exposed as a checkbox in the **Inspector** window labelled **In World Space**. Enable or disable the checkbox in the **Inspector** to start in world or self space, respectively.
    // Press play to see the [GameObject](GameObject.html) rotating appropriately. Press space or toggle the **In World Space** checkbox to switch between world and self space.  
      
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        float rotationSpeed;
        public bool inWorldSpace;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            // Set the speed of the rotation
            rotationSpeed = 20.0f;
            // Start off in World.Space
            inWorldSpace = true;
            // [Rotate](UIElements.Rotate.html) the [GameObject](GameObject.html) a little at the start to show the difference between world and local spaces
            transform.Rotate(60, 0, 60);
        }  
      
        void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            // [Rotate](UIElements.Rotate.html) the [GameObject](GameObject.html) in world space if inWorldSpace is true
            if (inWorldSpace)
                transform.Rotate([Vector3.up](Vector3-up.html) * rotationSpeed * [Time.deltaTime](Time-deltaTime.html), [Space.World](Space.World.html));
            // Otherwise, rotate the [GameObject](GameObject.html) in local space
            else
                transform.Rotate([Vector3.up](Vector3-up.html) * rotationSpeed * [Time.deltaTime](Time-deltaTime.html), [Space.Self](Space.Self.html));  
      
            // Press the [Space](Space.html) button to switch between world and local space states
            if ([Input.GetKeyDown](Input.GetKeyDown.html)([KeyCode.Space](KeyCode.Space.html)))
            {
                // Make the current state switch to the other state
                inWorldSpace = !inWorldSpace;
                // Output the current state to the console
                [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("World space : " + inWorldSpace.ToString());
            }
        }
    }
    

Additional resources: [Transform](Transform.html),
[Transform.Rotate](Transform.Rotate.html),
[Transform.Translate](Transform.Translate.html).

### Properties

[World](Space.World.html)| World coordinate space, relative to the origin
point (0,0,0) of the x-, y-, and z-axes of the scene.  
---|---  
[Self](Space.Self.html)| The local coordinate system of a GameObject relative
to its parent, including orientation.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

