[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [SpeedTreeImporter](SpeedTreeImporter.html).receiveShadows

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-SpeedTreeImporter.html "Go to
SpeedTreeImporter Component in the Manual")

public bool[] receiveShadows;

### Description

Gets and sets an array of booleans to enable shadow receiving for each LOD.

This setting controls whether the SpeedTree materials receive shadows from
other objects in your Scene. Because the shadow-receiving effect comes with an
increased performance cost, you may want to only enable it on the SpeedTree
assets that are nearest to the player. You can use this feature to improve
performance by disabling the shadow-receiving effect on some of your less
detailed LOD levels where the models are far enough away from the camera that
the absence of this effect is not noticeable. The array length that you supply
must match the number of LOD levels in your SpeedTree asset, and typically
would have true values at the start, and false values at the end. For example,
if your SpeedTree asset has three LOD levels, you might pass an array of `[
true, true, false ]` to enable the shadow-receiving effect on the first two
LOD levels, but disable it on the third.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

