[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# AtlasSettings

struct in UnityEditor.Sprites

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Describes the final atlas texture.

Note that if not all Sprites can be fit to an area defined by maxWidth and
maxHeight, multiple atlas pages will be generated.

### Properties

[allowsAlphaSplitting](Sprites.AtlasSettings-allowsAlphaSplitting.html)| Marks
this atlas so that it contains textures that have been flagged for Alpha
splitting when needed (for example ETC1 compression for textures with
transparency).  
---|---  
[anisoLevel](Sprites.AtlasSettings-anisoLevel.html)| Anisotropic filtering
level of the atlas texture.  
[colorSpace](Sprites.AtlasSettings-colorSpace.html)| Desired color space of
the atlas.  
[compressionQuality](Sprites.AtlasSettings-compressionQuality.html)| Quality
of atlas texture compression in the range [0..100].  
[enableRotation](Sprites.AtlasSettings-enableRotation.html)| Allows Sprite
Packer to rotate/flip the Sprite to ensure optimal Packing.  
[filterMode](Sprites.AtlasSettings-filterMode.html)| Filtering mode of the
atlas texture.  
[format](Sprites.AtlasSettings-format.html)| The format of the atlas texture.  
[generateMipMaps](Sprites.AtlasSettings-generateMipMaps.html)| Detemines if
sprite atlas textures generate mipmaps.  
[maxHeight](Sprites.AtlasSettings-maxHeight.html)| Maximum height of the atlas
texture.  
[maxWidth](Sprites.AtlasSettings-maxWidth.html)| Maximum width of the atlas
texture.  
[paddingPower](Sprites.AtlasSettings-paddingPower.html)| The amount of extra
padding between packed sprites.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

