[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SubsystemWithProvider

class in UnityEngine.SubsystemsImplementation

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.SubsystemsModule](UnityEngine.SubsystemsModule.html)

Leave feedback

  

Implements interfaces:[ISubsystem](ISubsystem.html)

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A subsystem is initialized from a SubsystemDescriptorWithProvider for a given
subsystem (Session, Plane, Face, etc.) and provides an interface to interact
with that given subsystem until it is Destroyed. After a subsystem is created,
it can be Started or Stopped to turn on and off functionality and preserve
performance. The base type for the subsystem only exposes this functionality;
this class is designed to be a base class for derived classes that expose more
functionality specific to a given subsystem.  
  
*Note:* Initializing a second subsystem from the same subsystem descriptor will return a reference to the existing subsystem, because only one subsystem is currently allowed for a single subsystem provider.

### Properties

[running](SubsystemsImplementation.SubsystemWithProvider-running.html)|
Whether or not the subsystem is running.This returns true after Start has been
called on the subsystem, and false after Stop is called.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[Destroy](SubsystemsImplementation.SubsystemWithProvider.Destroy.html)|
Destroys this instance of a subsystem.Also unloads all resources acquired
during the initialization step. Call this when you no longer need this
instance of a subsystem.Note: Once a subsystem is Destroyed, script can still
hold a reference but calling a method on it will result in a
NullArgumentException.  
---|---  
[Start](SubsystemsImplementation.SubsystemWithProvider.Start.html)| Starts an
instance of a subsystem.Once the instance is started, the subsystem
representing this instance is active and can be interacted with.  
[Stop](SubsystemsImplementation.SubsystemWithProvider.Stop.html)| Stops an
instance of a subsystem.Once the instance is stopped, the subsystem
representing this instance is no longer active and should not consume CPU
resources.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

