[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# OnInspectorGUIContext

class in UnityEditor.TerrainTools

Leave feedback

  

Implements interfaces:[IOnInspectorGUI](TerrainTools.IOnInspectorGUI.html)

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The context for drawing IMGUI elements pertaining to terrain tools brushes.

### Constructors

[OnInspectorGUIContext](TerrainTools.OnInspectorGUIContext-ctor.html)| The
constructor for creating OnInspectorGUIContext to make IMGUI calls for drawing
brush GUI.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[Repaint](TerrainTools.OnInspectorGUIContext.Repaint.html)| Repaint the IMGUI
elements in the inspector.  
---|---  
[ShowBrushesGUI](TerrainTools.OnInspectorGUIContext.ShowBrushesGUI.html)|
Calls on IMGUI code to create the inspector for showing terrain brushes. This
takes in flags that allow the user to select which brush attributes to
display, such as opacity, size, or all.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

