[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# TerrainLayerUtility

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A set of helper functions for using terrain layers.

### Static Methods

[CheckNormalMapTextureType](TerrainLayerUtility.CheckNormalMapTextureType.html)|
Checks whether the texture is correctly imported as a normal map texture.  
---|---  
[ShowTerrainLayerGUI](TerrainLayerUtility.ShowTerrainLayerGUI.html)| This
helper function shows the Terrain Layer Inspector GUI nested inside the
current Inspector GUI.  
[ShowTerrainLayersSelectionHelper](TerrainLayerUtility.ShowTerrainLayersSelectionHelper.html)|
Helper function to show the layer selection window for selecting terrain
layers in inspector.  
[TilingSettingsUI](TerrainLayerUtility.TilingSettingsUI.html)| Displays the
tiling settings UI.  
[ValidateDiffuseTextureUI](TerrainLayerUtility.ValidateDiffuseTextureUI.html)|
Checks whether the texture is a valid TerrainLayer diffuse texture. If it
detects that the texture is not valid, it displays a warning message that
identifies the issue.  
[ValidateMaskMapTextureUI](TerrainLayerUtility.ValidateMaskMapTextureUI.html)|
Checks whether the texture is a valid TerrainLayer mask map texture. If it
detects that the texture is not valid, it displays a warning message that
identifies the issue.  
[ValidateNormalMapTextureUI](TerrainLayerUtility.ValidateNormalMapTextureUI.html)|
Checks whether the texture is a valid TerrainLayer normal map texture. If it
detects that the texture is not valid, it displays a warning message that
identifies the issue.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

