[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Coverage

class in UnityEngine.TestTools

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Describes the interface for the code coverage data exposed by mono.

Use one of the following methods to enable coverage:  
1) Use the [Coverage.enabled](TestTools.Coverage-enabled.html) API  
2) Use the [Command line argument](../Manual/CommandLineArguments.html)
`-enableCodeCoverage` in batchmode  
  
[Code Coverage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_coverage) is a measure of
how much of your code has been executed. It is normally associated with
automated tests, but you can gather coverage data in Unity at any time when
the Editor is running. It is typically presented as a
[report](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.testtools.codecoverage@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/HowToInterpretResults.html)
that shows the percentage of the code that has been executed. For automated
testing the report does not measure the quality of tests, only whether your
code is executed by PlayMode and EditMode tests. It is especially useful to
check that critical or high risk areas of your code are covered, because they
should receive the most rigorous testing.  
  
You can use the [Code Coverage
package](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.testtools.codecoverage@latest)
to gather and present code coverage information from your automated tests.
Additionally, the Code Coverage package offers a Coverage Recording feature
which allows capturing coverage data on demand, for manual testing or when
there are no automated tests in the project.  
  
Note that in Unity 2019 and 2020 you can enable Code Coverage in [General
Preferences](../Manual/Preferences.html). This was removed in Unity 2021; the
user interface for managing Code Coverage is now entirely inside the [Code
Coverage
package](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.testtools.codecoverage@latest).

### Static Properties

[enabled](TestTools.Coverage-enabled.html)| Enables or disables code coverage.
Note that Code Coverage can affect the performance.  
---|---  
  
### Static Methods

[GetSequencePointsFor](TestTools.Coverage.GetSequencePointsFor.html)| Returns
the coverage sequence points for the method you specify. See
CoveredSequencePoint for more information about the coverage data this method
returns.  
---|---  
[GetStatsFor](TestTools.Coverage.GetStatsFor.html)| Returns the coverage
summary for the specified method. See CoveredMethodStats for more information
about the coverage statistics returned by this method.  
[GetStatsForAllCoveredMethods](TestTools.Coverage.GetStatsForAllCoveredMethods.html)|
Returns the coverage summary for all methods that have been called since
either the Unity process was started or Coverage.ResetAll() has been called.  
[ResetAll](TestTools.Coverage.ResetAll.html)| Resets all coverage data.  
[ResetFor](TestTools.Coverage.ResetFor.html)| Resets the coverage data for the
specified method.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

