[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# FontEngineError

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Error code returned by the various FontEngine functions.

### Properties

[Success](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Success.html)| Error code returned
when the function was successfully executed.  
---|---  
[Invalid_File_Path](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_File_Path.html)|
Error code returned by the LoadFontFace function when the file path to the
source font file appears invalid.  
[Invalid_File_Format](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_File_Format.html)|
Error code returned by the LoadFontFace function when the source font file is
of an unknown or invalid format.  
[Invalid_File_Structure](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_File_Structure.html)|
Error code returned by the LoadFontFace function when the source font file
appears invalid or improperly formatted.  
[Invalid_File](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_File.html)| Error
code indicating an invalid font file.  
[Invalid_Table](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_Table.html)| Error
code indicating failure to load one of the tables of the font file.  
[Invalid_Glyph_Index](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_Glyph_Index.html)|
Error code returned by the LoadGlyph function when referencing an invalid or
out of range glyph index value.  
[Invalid_Character_Code](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_Character_Code.html)|
Error code returned by the LoadGlyph function when referencing an invalid
Unicode character value.  
[Invalid_Pixel_Size](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_Pixel_Size.html)|
Error code returned by the LoadGlyph or SetFaceSize functions using an invalid
pointSize value.  
[Invalid_Library](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_Library.html)|
Error code indicating failure to initialize the font engine library.  
[Invalid_Face](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_Face.html)| Error
code indicating an invalid font face.  
[Invalid_Library_or_Face](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Invalid_Library_or_Face.html)|
Error code indicating failure to initialize the font engine library and / or
successfully load a font face.  
[Atlas_Generation_Cancelled](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.Atlas_Generation_Cancelled.html)|
Error code returned when the FontEngine glyph packing or rendering process has
been cancelled.  
[OpenTypeLayoutLookup_Mismatch](TextCore.LowLevel.FontEngineError.OpenTypeLayoutLookup_Mismatch.html)|
OpenType Layout related errors.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

