[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# GlyphMetrics

struct in UnityEngine.TextCore

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A set of values that define the size, position and spacing of a glyph when
performing text layout.

### Properties

[height](TextCore.GlyphMetrics-height.html)| The height of the glyph.  
---|---  
[horizontalAdvance](TextCore.GlyphMetrics-horizontalAdvance.html)| The
horizontal distance to increase (left to right) or decrease (right to left)
the drawing position relative to the origin of the text element.  
[horizontalBearingX](TextCore.GlyphMetrics-horizontalBearingX.html)| The
horizontal distance from the current drawing position (origin) relative to the
element's left bounding box edge (bbox).  
[horizontalBearingY](TextCore.GlyphMetrics-horizontalBearingY.html)| The
vertical distance from the current baseline relative to the element's top
bounding box edge (bbox).  
[width](TextCore.GlyphMetrics-width.html)| The width of the glyph.  
  
### Constructors

[GlyphMetrics](TextCore.GlyphMetrics-ctor.html)| Constructs a new GlyphMetrics
structure.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

