[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Texture2D](Texture2D.html).PackTextures

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public Rect[] PackTextures(Texture2D[] textures, int padding, int
maximumAtlasSize, bool makeNoLongerReadable);

### Parameters

textures | Array of textures to pack into the atlas.  
---|---  
padding | Padding in pixels between the packed textures.  
maximumAtlasSize | Maximum size of the resulting texture.  
makeNoLongerReadable | Should the texture be marked as no longer readable?  
  
### Returns

**Rect[]** An array of rectangles containing the UV coordinates in the atlas
for each input texture, or null if packing fails.

### Description

Packs multiple Textures into a texture atlas.

This function will replace the current texture with the atlas made from the
supplied textures. The size, format and mipmaps of any of the textures can
change after packing.  
  
The resulting texture atlas will be as large as needed to fit all input
textures but only up to `maximumAtlasSize` in each dimension. If the input
textures can't all fit into a texture atlas of the desired size then they will
be scaled down to fit.  
  
If you have compressed all input textures, and the following conditions are
met, Unity also compresses the output atlas:  
  
If input textures are compressed and have mipmaps, the following conditions
will cause the atlas to created as an uncompressed texture:

  * If the input textures are compressed but some have mipmaps and others have none, atlas format falls back to being uncompressed.
  * If the compressed input textures have mipmaps and padding > 0, atlas format falls back to being uncompressed.

If any of the input images have mipmaps and the padding value is greater than
zero, the atlas texture is uncompressed. This is because of alignment
restrictions on the compressed data. If you have not compressed one or more
input textures, the atlas remains in the uncompressed format
[RGBA32](TextureFormat.RGBA32.html). If the texture atlas remains compressed
and has a padding value is greater than zero, the padding value is rounded up
to the next multiple of four. This happens because of alignment restrictions
on compressed data.  
  
This is a shortlist of compressed formats. You can find the full list in
[TextureFormat](TextureFormat.html):

  * ETC
  * ETC2
  * EAC
  * DXT
  * ASTC
  * PVRTC

However, the atlas packing code doesn't support every compression format. Of
the available formats, the atlas packing code only supports the following: If
all other conditions are met, and input textures are using one of these
formats, the texture atlas will be compressed.

  * ARGB4444
  * ETC
  * ETC2
  * DXT1
  * DXT5
  * BC7
  * ASTC 4x4

All input textures must have the same compression format or be a mixture of
compatible compression formats, otherwise atlas format falls back to
uncompressed.  
  
You can mix these types in an atlas, where they stay compressed:

  * [DXT1](TextureFormat.DXT1.html) and TextureFormat::pref:DXT5 result in a [DXT5](TextureFormat.DXT5.html) atlas.
  * [ETC2_RGB](TextureFormat.ETC2_RGB.html), [ETC_RGB4](TextureFormat.ETC_RGB4.html), and [ETC2_RGBA8](TextureFormat.ETC2_RGBA8.html) result in a [ETC2_RGBA8](TextureFormat.ETC2_RGBA8.html) atlas.

However, if the input textures mix formats, such as BC7 with ASTC 4x4 or DXT5,
this causes the atlas packing code to fall back to
[RGBA32](TextureFormat.RGBA32.html).  
  
If none of the input textures have mipmaps, the atlas also has no mipmaps.  
  
If `makeNoLongerReadable` is `true` then the texture will be marked as no
longer readable and memory will be freed after uploading to the GPU. By
default `makeNoLongerReadable` is set to `false`.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        // Source textures.
        [Texture2D](Texture2D.html)[] atlasTextures;  
      
        // Rectangles for individual atlas textures.
        [Rect](Rect.html)[] rects;  
      
        void Start()
        {
            // Pack the individual textures into the smallest possible space,
            // while leaving a two pixel gap between their edges.
            [Texture2D](Texture2D.html) atlas = new [Texture2D](Texture2D.html)(8192, 8192);
            rects = atlas.PackTextures(atlasTextures, 2, 8192);
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

