[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# AtlasPopulationMode

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Options to specify the atlas population mode, which defines the type of font
asset.

### Properties

[Static](TextCore.Text.AtlasPopulationMode.Static.html)| Static font assets
offer the best performance of any font asset type. You create and pre-populate
them in the Editor.They cannot be modified at runtime. A static font asset is
standalone. Its source font file is not included in builds.  
---|---  
[Dynamic](TextCore.Text.AtlasPopulationMode.Dynamic.html)| Dynamic font assets
can be populated at runtime, but incur a higher performance overhead than
static font assets. A dynamic font asset depends on its source font file,
which is included in builds.  
[DynamicOS](TextCore.Text.AtlasPopulationMode.DynamicOS.html)| Dynamic OS font
assets provide the same functionality and performance as dynamic font assets.
In the Editor, a Dynamic OS font asset depends on its source font file. For a
Dynamic OS font asset to work in a build, the target platform must contain its
source font file.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

