[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# TextureImporterSwizzle

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Options for where texture color channel data comes from in the
[TextureImporter](TextureImporter.html).

By default, the Texture Importer maps each color channel from the source image
to the same color channel in the imported texture. For example, the default
value of [TextureImporter.swizzleR](TextureImporter-swizzleR.html) is
[TextureImporterSwizzle.R](TextureImporterSwizzle.R.html).  
  
Additional resources: [TextureImporter.swizzleR](TextureImporter-
swizzleR.html), [TextureImporter.swizzleG](TextureImporter-swizzleG.html),
[TextureImporter.swizzleB](TextureImporter-swizzleB.html),
[TextureImporter.swizzleA](TextureImporter-swizzleA.html).

### Properties

[R](TextureImporterSwizzle.R.html)| Use the red color channel.  
---|---  
[G](TextureImporterSwizzle.G.html)| Use the green color channel.  
[B](TextureImporterSwizzle.B.html)| Use the blue color channel.  
[A](TextureImporterSwizzle.A.html)| Use the alpha color channel.  
[OneMinusR](TextureImporterSwizzle.OneMinusR.html)| Use the inverted red color
channel.  
[OneMinusG](TextureImporterSwizzle.OneMinusG.html)| Use the inverted green
color channel.  
[OneMinusB](TextureImporterSwizzle.OneMinusB.html)| Use the inverted blue
color channel.  
[OneMinusA](TextureImporterSwizzle.OneMinusA.html)| Use the inverted alpha
color channel.  
[Zero](TextureImporterSwizzle.Zero.html)| Use black (a value of zero) for the
color channel.  
[One](TextureImporterSwizzle.One.html)| Use white (a value of one) for the
color channel.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

