[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Texture](Texture.html).GetNativeTexturePtr

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public IntPtr GetNativeTexturePtr();

### Returns

**IntPtr** Pointer to an underlying graphics API Texture resource.

### Description

Retrieve a native (underlying graphics API) pointer to the Texture resource.

Use this function to retrieve a pointer/handle corresponding to a particular
Texture as it is represented on the native graphics API level. This can be
used to enable Texture manipulation from [native code
plugins](../Manual/native-plugin-interface.html).  
  
Note: When you use the Unity APIs to modify the pixel data of a Texture
object, it changes the underlying graphics API native pointer. Call
GetNativeTexturePtr to get the new native pointer.  
  
For specific platforms, Unity has the following specifications:

  * On Direct3D-like devices, Unity returns a pointer to the base Texture type (`ID3D11Resource` on D3D11, `ID3D12Resource` on D3D12).
  * On OpenGL-like devices, the GL Texture "name" is returned; cast the pointer to an integer type to get it.
  * On Metal, Unity returns an `id<MTLTexture>` pointer.
  * On Vulkan, Unity returns an `VkImage` pointer.
  * On platforms that do not support native code plug-ins, this function always returns NULL.

Note that calling this function when using multi-threaded rendering will
synchronize with the rendering thread (a slow operation), so best practice is
to set up needed Texture pointers only at initialization time.  
  
Additional resources: [Native code plugins](../Manual/native-plugin-
interface.html),
[Texture2D.CreateExternalTexture](Texture2D.CreateExternalTexture.html),
[Cubemap.CreateExternalTexture](Cubemap.CreateExternalTexture.html),
[RenderTexture.GetNativeDepthBufferPtr](RenderTexture.GetNativeDepthBufferPtr.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

