[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# GlyphRenderMode

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The rendering modes used by the Font Engine to render glyphs.

### Properties

[SMOOTH_HINTED](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.SMOOTH_HINTED.html)| Renders
a bitmap representation of the glyph from an 8-bit or antialiased image of the
glyph outline with hinting.  
---|---  
[SMOOTH](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.SMOOTH.html)| Renders a bitmap
representation of the glyph from an 8-bit or antialiased image of the glyph
outline with no hinting.  
[COLOR_HINTED](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.COLOR_HINTED.html)| Renders a
color bitmap image representation of the glyph with hinting.  
[COLOR](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.COLOR.html)| Renders a color bitmap
image representation of the glyph no hinting.  
[RASTER_HINTED](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.RASTER_HINTED.html)| Renders
a bitmap representation of the glyph from a binary (1-bit monochrome) image of
the glyph outline with hinting.  
[RASTER](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.RASTER.html)| Renders a bitmap
representation of the glyph from a binary (1-bit monochrome) image of the
glyph outline with no hinting.  
[SDF](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.SDF.html)| Renders a signed distance
field (SDF) representation of the glyph from a binary (1-bit monochrome) image
of the glyph outline with no hinting.  
[SDF8](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.SDF8.html)| Renders a signed distance
field (SDF) representation of the glyph from a binary (1-bit monochrome) image
of the glyph outline with no hinting.  
[SDF16](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.SDF16.html)| Renders a signed
distance field (SDF) representation of the glyph from a binary (1-bit
monochrome) image of the glyph outline with no hinting.  
[SDF32](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.SDF32.html)| Renders a signed
distance field (SDF) representation of the glyph from a binary (1-bit
monochrome) image of the glyph outline with no hinting.  
[SDFAA_HINTED](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.SDFAA_HINTED.html)| Renders a
signed distance field (SDF) representation of the glyph from an 8-bit or
antialiased image of the glyph outline with hinting.  
[SDFAA](TextCore.LowLevel.GlyphRenderMode.SDFAA.html)| Renders a signed
distance field (SDF) representation of the glyph from an 8-bit or antialiased
image of the glyph outline with no hinting.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

