[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# TextGenerationSettings

struct in UnityEngine

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule](UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A struct that stores the settings for TextGeneration.

### Properties

[alignByGeometry](TextGenerationSettings-alignByGeometry.html)| Use the
extents of glyph geometry to perform horizontal alignment rather than glyph
metrics.  
---|---  
[color](TextGenerationSettings-color.html)| The base color for the text
generation.  
[font](TextGenerationSettings-font.html)| Font to use for generation.  
[fontSize](TextGenerationSettings-fontSize.html)| Font size.  
[fontStyle](TextGenerationSettings-fontStyle.html)| Font style.  
[generateOutOfBounds](TextGenerationSettings-generateOutOfBounds.html)|
Continue to generate characters even if the text runs out of bounds.  
[generationExtents](TextGenerationSettings-generationExtents.html)| Extents
that the generator will attempt to fit the text in.  
[horizontalOverflow](TextGenerationSettings-horizontalOverflow.html)| What
happens to text when it reaches the horizontal generation bounds.  
[lineSpacing](TextGenerationSettings-lineSpacing.html)| The line spacing
multiplier.  
[pivot](TextGenerationSettings-pivot.html)| Generated vertices are offset by
the pivot.  
[resizeTextForBestFit](TextGenerationSettings-resizeTextForBestFit.html)|
Should the text be resized to fit the configured bounds?  
[resizeTextMaxSize](TextGenerationSettings-resizeTextMaxSize.html)| Maximum
size for resized text.  
[resizeTextMinSize](TextGenerationSettings-resizeTextMinSize.html)| Minimum
size for resized text.  
[richText](TextGenerationSettings-richText.html)| Allow rich text markup in
generation.  
[scaleFactor](TextGenerationSettings-scaleFactor.html)| A scale factor for the
text. This is useful if the Text is on a Canvas and the canvas is scaled.  
[textAnchor](TextGenerationSettings-textAnchor.html)| How is the generated
text anchored.  
[updateBounds](TextGenerationSettings-updateBounds.html)| Should the text
generator update the bounds from the generated text.  
[verticalOverflow](TextGenerationSettings-verticalOverflow.html)| What happens
to text when it reaches the bottom generation bounds.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

