[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Transform

class in UnityEngine

/

Inherits from:[Component](Component.html)

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[Switch to Manual](../Manual/class-Transform.html "Go to Transform Component
in the Manual")

### Description

Position, rotation and scale of an object.

Every object in a Scene has a Transform. It's used to store and manipulate the
position, rotation and scale of the object. Every Transform can have a parent,
which allows you to apply position, rotation and scale hierarchically. This is
the hierarchy seen in the Hierarchy pane. They also support enumerators so you
can loop through children using:

    
    
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class Example : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        // Moves all transform children 10 units upwards!
        void Start()
        {
            foreach ([Transform](Transform.html) child in transform)
            {
                child.position += [Vector3.up](Vector3-up.html) * 10.0f;
            }
        }
    }
    

Additional resources: [The component reference](../Manual/class-
Transform.html), [Physics](Physics.html) class.

### Properties

[childCount](Transform-childCount.html)| The number of children the parent
Transform has.  
---|---  
[eulerAngles](Transform-eulerAngles.html)| The rotation as Euler angles in
degrees.  
[forward](Transform-forward.html)| Returns a normalized vector representing
the blue axis of the transform in world space.  
[hasChanged](Transform-hasChanged.html)| Has the transform changed since the
last time the flag was set to 'false'?  
[hierarchyCapacity](Transform-hierarchyCapacity.html)| The transform capacity
of the transform's hierarchy data structure.  
[hierarchyCount](Transform-hierarchyCount.html)| The number of transforms in
the transform's hierarchy data structure.  
[localEulerAngles](Transform-localEulerAngles.html)| The rotation as Euler
angles in degrees relative to the parent transform's rotation.  
[localPosition](Transform-localPosition.html)| Position of the transform
relative to the parent transform.  
[localRotation](Transform-localRotation.html)| The rotation of the transform
relative to the transform rotation of the parent.  
[localScale](Transform-localScale.html)| The scale of the transform relative
to the GameObjects parent.  
[localToWorldMatrix](Transform-localToWorldMatrix.html)| Matrix that
transforms a point from local space into world space (Read Only).  
[lossyScale](Transform-lossyScale.html)| The global scale of the object (Read
Only).  
[parent](Transform-parent.html)| The parent of the transform.  
[position](Transform-position.html)| The world space position of the
Transform.  
[right](Transform-right.html)| The red axis of the transform in world space.  
[root](Transform-root.html)| Returns the topmost transform in the hierarchy.  
[rotation](Transform-rotation.html)| A Quaternion that stores the rotation of
the Transform in world space.  
[up](Transform-up.html)| The green axis of the transform in world space.  
[worldToLocalMatrix](Transform-worldToLocalMatrix.html)| Matrix that
transforms a point from world space into local space (Read Only).  
  
### Public Methods

[DetachChildren](Transform.DetachChildren.html)| Unparents all children.  
---|---  
[Find](Transform.Find.html)| Finds a child by name n and returns it.  
[GetChild](Transform.GetChild.html)| Returns a transform child by index.  
[GetLocalPositionAndRotation](Transform.GetLocalPositionAndRotation.html)|
Gets the position and rotation of the Transform component in local space (that
is, relative to its parent transform).  
[GetPositionAndRotation](Transform.GetPositionAndRotation.html)| Gets the
position and rotation of the Transform component in world space.  
[GetSiblingIndex](Transform.GetSiblingIndex.html)| Gets the sibling index.  
[InverseTransformDirection](Transform.InverseTransformDirection.html)|
Transforms a direction from world space to local space. The opposite of
Transform.TransformDirection.  
[InverseTransformDirections](Transform.InverseTransformDirections.html)|
Transforms multiple directions from world space to local space overwriting
each original position with the transformed version. The opposite of
Transform.TransformDirections.  
[InverseTransformPoint](Transform.InverseTransformPoint.html)| Transforms
position from world space to local space.  
[InverseTransformPoints](Transform.InverseTransformPoints.html)| Transforms
multiple positions from world space to local space overwriting each original
position with the transformed version.  
[InverseTransformVector](Transform.InverseTransformVector.html)| Transforms a
vector from world space to local space. The opposite of
Transform.TransformVector.  
[InverseTransformVectors](Transform.InverseTransformVectors.html)| Transforms
multiple vectors from world space to local space overwriting each original
position with the transformed version. The opposite of
Transform.TransformVectors.  
[IsChildOf](Transform.IsChildOf.html)| Is this transform a child of parent?  
[LookAt](Transform.LookAt.html)| Rotates the transform so the forward vector
points at /target/'s current position.  
[Rotate](Transform.Rotate.html)| Use Transform.Rotate to rotate GameObjects in
a variety of ways. The rotation is often provided as an Euler angle and not a
Quaternion.  
[RotateAround](Transform.RotateAround.html)| Rotates the transform about axis
passing through point in world coordinates by angle degrees.  
[SetAsFirstSibling](Transform.SetAsFirstSibling.html)| Move the transform to
the start of the local transform list.  
[SetAsLastSibling](Transform.SetAsLastSibling.html)| Move the transform to the
end of the local transform list.  
[SetLocalPositionAndRotation](Transform.SetLocalPositionAndRotation.html)|
Sets the position and rotation of the Transform component in local space (i.e.
relative to its parent transform).  
[SetParent](Transform.SetParent.html)| Set the parent of the transform.  
[SetPositionAndRotation](Transform.SetPositionAndRotation.html)| Sets the
world space position and rotation of the Transform component.  
[SetSiblingIndex](Transform.SetSiblingIndex.html)| Sets the sibling index.  
[TransformDirection](Transform.TransformDirection.html)| Transforms direction
from local space to world space.  
[TransformDirections](Transform.TransformDirections.html)| Transforms multiple
directions from local space to world space overwriting each original direction
with the transformed version.  
[TransformPoint](Transform.TransformPoint.html)| Transforms position from
local space to world space.  
[TransformPoints](Transform.TransformPoints.html)| Transforms multiple points
from local space to world space overwriting each original point with the
transformed version.  
[TransformVector](Transform.TransformVector.html)| Transforms vector from
local space to world space.  
[TransformVectors](Transform.TransformVectors.html)| Transforms multiple
vectors from local space to world space overwriting each original vector with
the transformed version.  
[Translate](Transform.Translate.html)| Moves the transform in the direction
and distance of translation.  
  
### Inherited Members

### Properties

[gameObject](Component-gameObject.html)| The game object this component is
attached to. A component is always attached to a game object.  
---|---  
[tag](Component-tag.html)| The tag of this game object.  
[transform](Component-transform.html)| The Transform attached to this
GameObject.  
[hideFlags](Object-hideFlags.html)| Should the object be hidden, saved with
the Scene or modifiable by the user?  
[name](Object-name.html)| The name of the object.  
  
### Public Methods

[BroadcastMessage](Component.BroadcastMessage.html)| Calls the method named
methodName on every MonoBehaviour in this game object or any of its children.  
---|---  
[CompareTag](Component.CompareTag.html)| Checks the GameObject's tag against
the defined tag.  
[GetComponent](Component.GetComponent.html)| Gets a reference to a component
of type T on the same GameObject as the component specified.  
[GetComponentInChildren](Component.GetComponentInChildren.html)| Gets a
reference to a component of type T on the same GameObject as the component
specified, or any child of the GameObject.  
[GetComponentIndex](Component.GetComponentIndex.html)| Gets the index of the
component on its parent GameObject.  
[GetComponentInParent](Component.GetComponentInParent.html)| Gets a reference
to a component of type T on the same GameObject as the component specified, or
any parent of the GameObject.  
[GetComponents](Component.GetComponents.html)| Gets references to all
components of type T on the same GameObject as the component specified.  
[GetComponentsInChildren](Component.GetComponentsInChildren.html)| Gets
references to all components of type T on the same GameObject as the component
specified, and any child of the GameObject.  
[GetComponentsInParent](Component.GetComponentsInParent.html)| Gets references
to all components of type T on the same GameObject as the component specified,
and any parent of the GameObject.  
[SendMessage](Component.SendMessage.html)| Calls the method named methodName
on every MonoBehaviour in this game object.  
[SendMessageUpwards](Component.SendMessageUpwards.html)| Calls the method
named methodName on every MonoBehaviour in this game object and on every
ancestor of the behaviour.  
[TryGetComponent](Component.TryGetComponent.html)| Gets the component of the
specified type, if it exists.  
[GetInstanceID](Object.GetInstanceID.html)| Gets the instance ID of the
object.  
[ToString](Object.ToString.html)| Returns the name of the object.  
  
### Static Methods

[Destroy](Object.Destroy.html)| Removes a GameObject, component or asset.  
---|---  
[DestroyImmediate](Object.DestroyImmediate.html)| Destroys the object obj
immediately. You are strongly recommended to use Destroy instead.  
[DontDestroyOnLoad](Object.DontDestroyOnLoad.html)| Do not destroy the target
Object when loading a new Scene.  
[FindAnyObjectByType](Object.FindAnyObjectByType.html)| Retrieves any active
loaded object of Type type.  
[FindFirstObjectByType](Object.FindFirstObjectByType.html)| Retrieves the
first active loaded object of Type type.  
[FindObjectsByType](Object.FindObjectsByType.html)| Retrieves a list of all
loaded objects of Type type.  
[Instantiate](Object.Instantiate.html)| Clones the object original and returns
the clone.  
[InstantiateAsync](Object.InstantiateAsync.html)| Captures a snapshot of the
original object (that must be related to some GameObject) and returns the
AsyncInstantiateOperation.  
  
### Operators

[bool](Object-operator_Object.html)| Does the object exist?  
---|---  
[operator !=](Object-operator_ne.html)| Compares if two objects refer to a
different object.  
[operator ==](Object-operator_eq.html)| Compares two object references to see
if they refer to the same object.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

