[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [TypeCache](TypeCache.html).GetFieldsWithAttribute

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static
[TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection](TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection.html)
GetFieldsWithAttribute();

## Declaration

public static
[TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection](TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection.html)
GetFieldsWithAttribute(Type attrType);

## Declaration

public static
[TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection](TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection.html)
GetFieldsWithAttribute(string assemblyName);

## Declaration

public static
[TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection](TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection.html)
GetFieldsWithAttribute(Type attrType, string assemblyName);

### Parameters

attrType | Attribute type.  
---|---  
assemblyName | Optional assembly name.  
  
### Returns

**FieldInfoCollection** Returns an unordered FieldInfo collection of fields
marked with the **T** attribute. If assemblyName is specified, returns only
fields defined in this assembly.

### Description

Retrieves an unordered collection of fields marked with the **T** attribute.

This method provides fast access to all class fields loaded from a given
assembly or all Unity domain assemblies and marked with a specific attribute.
Fields marked with ancestors of the specified attribute are also included in
the result. The order of results is undefined.

    
    
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using [System](Rendering.VirtualTexturing.System.html);
    using System.Collections.Generic;  
      
    public class Example
    {
        class MyAttribute : Attribute {}  
      
        [MyAttribute]
        static int s_MyField;  
      
        static void ScanStaticFieldsMarkedWithMyAttribute()
        {
            var extractedFields = [TypeCache.GetFieldsWithAttribute](TypeCache.GetFieldsWithAttribute.html)<MyAttribute>();
            foreach (var fi in extractedFields)
            {
                if (!fi.IsStatic)
                    continue;
                //...
            }
        }
    }
    

**Note:** The returned
[FieldInfoCollection](TypeCache.FieldInfoCollection.html) is read-only and
thread-safe. The order of FieldInfo in the collection is undefined.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

