[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SpriteBone

struct in UnityEngine.U2D

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Stores a set of information that describes the bind pose of this Sprite.

This struct describes the hierarchy and other spatial relationships between
the bones of this Sprite.

### Properties

[color](U2D.SpriteBone-color.html)| Shows the color set for the bone in the
Editor.  
---|---  
[guid](U2D.SpriteBone-guid.html)| The Unique GUID of this bone.  
[length](U2D.SpriteBone-length.html)| The length of the bone. This is
important for the leaf bones to describe their length without needing another
bone as the terminal bone.  
[name](U2D.SpriteBone-name.html)| The name of the bone. This is useful when
recreating bone hierarchy at editor or runtime. You can also use this as a way
of resolving the bone path when a Sprite is bound to a more complex or richer
hierarchy.  
[parentId](U2D.SpriteBone-parentId.html)| The ID of the parent of this bone.  
[position](U2D.SpriteBone-position.html)| The position in local space of this
bone.  
[rotation](U2D.SpriteBone-rotation.html)| The rotation of this bone in local
space.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

