[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SpriteShapeParameters

struct in UnityEngine.U2D

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Input parameters for the SpriteShape tessellator.

### Properties

[adaptiveUV](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-adaptiveUV.html)| If enabled, the
tessellator will adapt the size of the quads based on the height of the edge.  
---|---  
[angleThreshold](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-angleThreshold.html)| The threshold
of the angle that indicates whether it is a corner or not.  
[bevelCutoff](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-bevelCutoff.html)| The threshold of
the angle that decides if it should be tessellated as a curve or a corner.  
[bevelSize](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-bevelSize.html)| The radius of the curve
to be tessellated.  
[borderPivot](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-borderPivot.html)| The local
displacement of the Sprite when tessellated.  
[carpet](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-carpet.html)| If true, the Shape will be
tessellated as a closed form.  
[fillScale](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-fillScale.html)| The scale to be used to
calculate the UVs of the fill texture.  
[fillTexture](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-fillTexture.html)| The texture to be
used for the fill of the SpriteShape.  
[smartSprite](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-smartSprite.html)| If enabled the
tessellator will consider creating corners based on the various input
parameters.  
[splineDetail](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-splineDetail.html)| The tessellation
quality of the input Spline that determines the complexity of the mesh.  
[spriteBorders](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-spriteBorders.html)| The borders to
be used for calculating the uv of the edges based on the border info found in
Sprites.  
[stretchUV](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-stretchUV.html)| Stretch the UV mapping
for the Fill texture.  
[transform](U2D.SpriteShapeParameters-transform.html)| The world space
transform of the GameObject used for calculating the UVs of the Fill texture.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

