[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# RuntimePanelUtils

class in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

A collection of static methods that provide simple World, Screen, and Panel
coordinate transformations.

### Static Methods

[CameraTransformWorldToPanel](UIElements.RuntimePanelUtils.CameraTransformWorldToPanel.html)|
Transforms a world absolute position to its equivalent local coordinate on
given panel, using provided camera for internal WorldToScreen transformation.  
---|---  
[CameraTransformWorldToPanelRect](UIElements.RuntimePanelUtils.CameraTransformWorldToPanelRect.html)|
Transforms a world position and size (in world units) to their equivalent
local position and size on given panel, using provided camera for internal
WorldToScreen transformation.  
[ResetDynamicAtlas](UIElements.RuntimePanelUtils.ResetDynamicAtlas.html)|
Resets the dynamic atlas of the panel.  
[ResetRenderer](UIElements.RuntimePanelUtils.ResetRenderer.html)|  Resets the
renderer of the panel. Releases all meshes, rendering commands, and pools
owned by the renderer.  
[ScreenToPanel](UIElements.RuntimePanelUtils.ScreenToPanel.html)|  Transforms
a screen absolute position to its equivalent local coordinate on given panel.  
[SetTextureDirty](UIElements.RuntimePanelUtils.SetTextureDirty.html)|
Notifies the dynamic atlas of the panel that the content of the provided
texture has changed. If the dynamic atlas contains the texture, it will update
it.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

