[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [MeshWriteData](UIElements.MeshWriteData.html).SetNextVertex

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void SetNextVertex([UIElements.Vertex](UIElements.Vertex.html) vertex);

### Parameters

vertex | The value of the next vertex.  
---|---  
  
### Description

Assigns the value of the next vertex of the allocated vertices list.

Used to iteratively fill the values of the allocated vertices via repeated
calls to this function until all values have been provided. This way of
filling vertex data is mutually exclusive with the use of SetAllVertices.
After each invocation to this function, the internal counter for the next
vertex is automatically incremented. When this method is called, it is not
possible to use SetAllVertices to fill the vertices.  
  
Note that calling SetNextVertex fewer times than the allocated number of
vertices will leave the remaining vertices with random values as
[MeshGenerationContext.Allocate](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.Allocate.html)
does not initialize the returned data to 0 to avoid redundant work.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

