[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ITextSelection

interface in UnityEngine.UIElements

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Interface to access a TextElement selection and cursor information This
interface is not meant to be implemented explicitly as its declaration might
change in the future.

### Properties

[cursorColor](UIElements.ITextSelection-cursorColor.html)|  Color of the
cursor.  
---|---  
[cursorIndex](UIElements.ITextSelection-cursorIndex.html)|  This is the cursor
index in the text presented.  
[cursorPosition](UIElements.ITextSelection-cursorPosition.html)|  The position
of the text cursor inside the element.  
[doubleClickSelectsWord](UIElements.ITextSelection-
doubleClickSelectsWord.html)|  // Controls whether double clicking selects the
word under the mouse pointer or not. //  
[isSelectable](UIElements.ITextSelection-isSelectable.html)|  Returns true if
the field is selectable.  
[selectAllOnFocus](UIElements.ITextSelection-selectAllOnFocus.html)|  Controls
whether the element's content is selected upon receiving focus.  
[selectAllOnMouseUp](UIElements.ITextSelection-selectAllOnMouseUp.html)|
Controls whether the element's content is selected when you mouse up for the
first time.  
[selectIndex](UIElements.ITextSelection-selectIndex.html)|  This is the
selection index in the text presented.  
[selectionColor](UIElements.ITextSelection-selectionColor.html)|  Background
color of selected text.  
[tripleClickSelectsLine](UIElements.ITextSelection-
tripleClickSelectsLine.html)|  // Controls whether triple clicking selects the
entire line under the mouse pointer or not. //  
  
### Public Methods

[HasSelection](UIElements.ITextSelection.HasSelection.html)|  Return true is
the TextElement has a selection.  
---|---  
[SelectAll](UIElements.ITextSelection.SelectAll.html)|  Selects all the text
contained in the field.  
[SelectNone](UIElements.ITextSelection.SelectNone.html)|  Remove selection  
[SelectRange](UIElements.ITextSelection.SelectRange.html)|  Select text
between cursorIndex and selectIndex.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

