[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [DynamicAtlasFilters](UIElements.DynamicAtlasFilters.html).Format

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Excludes textures that, because of their format, would lose precision, or be
truncated when the system adds them to the atlas.  
  
The dynamic atlas system accepts non-HDR texture formats that have 8 bits or
less per component, before compression  
  
You can add a compressed texture to a dynamic atlas. However, doing so might
cause additional image loss because the system must first decompress the image
in order to store it in the atlas. Decompression can yield values that are
impossible to represent precisely in 8-bits per component. For example, a
value of 1/256 in the compressed image might decompress to 3/512. The system
cannot store 3/512 in the atlas, so it stores the value as either 1/256 or
2/256.  
  
This creates potential differences between the source texture and the version
stored in the atlas. These differences are noticeable in the following
scenarios: 1\. Blending Operations: 3/512, 1/256, and 2/256 each produce a
different result when you use them in a blending operation. 2\. Rendering to
high precision render targets (for example, 16 bits per component).  
  
In most cases, the performance benefits of allowing compressed textures into
the atlas outweigh the inconvenience of introducing small errors.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

