[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# IResolvedStyle

interface in UnityEngine.UIElements

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Style values after layout pass.

### Properties

[alignContent](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-alignContent.html)|  Alignment of the
whole area of children on the cross axis if they span over multiple lines in
this container.  
---|---  
[alignItems](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-alignItems.html)|  Alignment of
children on the cross axis of this container.  
[alignSelf](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-alignSelf.html)|  Similar to align-
items, but only for this specific element.  
[backgroundColor](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-backgroundColor.html)|  Background
color to paint in the element's box.  
[backgroundImage](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-backgroundImage.html)|  Background
image to paint in the element's box.  
[backgroundPositionX](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-backgroundPositionX.html)|
Background image x position value.  
[backgroundPositionY](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-backgroundPositionY.html)|
Background image y position value.  
[backgroundRepeat](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-backgroundRepeat.html)|
Background image repeat value.  
[backgroundSize](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-backgroundSize.html)|  Background
image size value. Transitions are fully supported only when using size in
pixels or percentages, such as pixel-to-pixel or percentage-to-percentage
transitions.  
[borderBottomColor](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderBottomColor.html)|  Color
of the element's bottom border.  
[borderBottomLeftRadius](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-
borderBottomLeftRadius.html)|  The radius of the bottom-left corner when a
rounded rectangle is drawn in the element's box.  
[borderBottomRightRadius](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-
borderBottomRightRadius.html)|  The radius of the bottom-right corner when a
rounded rectangle is drawn in the element's box.  
[borderBottomWidth](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderBottomWidth.html)|  Space
reserved for the bottom edge of the border during the layout phase.  
[borderLeftColor](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderLeftColor.html)|  Color of
the element's left border.  
[borderLeftWidth](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderLeftWidth.html)|  Space
reserved for the left edge of the border during the layout phase.  
[borderRightColor](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderRightColor.html)|  Color of
the element's right border.  
[borderRightWidth](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderRightWidth.html)|  Space
reserved for the right edge of the border during the layout phase.  
[borderTopColor](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderTopColor.html)|  Color of the
element's top border.  
[borderTopLeftRadius](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderTopLeftRadius.html)|
The radius of the top-left corner when a rounded rectangle is drawn in the
element's box.  
[borderTopRightRadius](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderTopRightRadius.html)|
The radius of the top-right corner when a rounded rectangle is drawn in the
element's box.  
[borderTopWidth](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-borderTopWidth.html)|  Space
reserved for the top edge of the border during the layout phase.  
[bottom](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-bottom.html)|  Bottom distance from the
element's box during layout.  
[color](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-color.html)|  Color to use when drawing the
text of an element.  
[display](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-display.html)|  Defines how an element is
displayed in the layout.  
[flexBasis](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-flexBasis.html)|  Initial main size of a
flex item, on the main flex axis. The final layout might be smaller or larger,
according to the flex shrinking and growing determined by the other flex
properties.  
[flexDirection](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-flexDirection.html)|  Direction of
the main axis to layout children in a container.  
[flexGrow](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-flexGrow.html)|  Specifies how the item
will grow relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the same
container.  
[flexShrink](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-flexShrink.html)|  Specifies how the
item will shrink relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the same
container.  
[flexWrap](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-flexWrap.html)|  Placement of children
over multiple lines if not enough space is available in this container.  
[fontSize](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-fontSize.html)|  Font size to draw the
element's text.  
[height](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-height.html)|  Fixed height of an element
for the layout.  
[justifyContent](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-justifyContent.html)|
Justification of children on the main axis of this container.  
[left](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-left.html)|  Left distance from the element's
box during layout.  
[letterSpacing](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-letterSpacing.html)|  Increases or
decreases the space between characters.  
[marginBottom](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-marginBottom.html)|  Space reserved
for the bottom edge of the margin during the layout phase.  
[marginLeft](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-marginLeft.html)|  Space reserved for
the left edge of the margin during the layout phase.  
[marginRight](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-marginRight.html)|  Space reserved for
the right edge of the margin during the layout phase.  
[marginTop](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-marginTop.html)|  Space reserved for the
top edge of the margin during the layout phase.  
[maxHeight](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-maxHeight.html)|  Maximum height for an
element, when it is flexible or measures its own size.  
[maxWidth](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-maxWidth.html)|  Maximum width for an
element, when it is flexible or measures its own size.  
[minHeight](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-minHeight.html)|  Minimum height for an
element, when it is flexible or measures its own size.  
[minWidth](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-minWidth.html)|  Minimum width for an
element, when it is flexible or measures its own size.  
[opacity](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-opacity.html)|  Specifies the transparency
of an element and of its children.  
[paddingBottom](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-paddingBottom.html)|  Space reserved
for the bottom edge of the padding during the layout phase.  
[paddingLeft](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-paddingLeft.html)|  Space reserved for
the left edge of the padding during the layout phase.  
[paddingRight](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-paddingRight.html)|  Space reserved
for the right edge of the padding during the layout phase.  
[paddingTop](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-paddingTop.html)|  Space reserved for
the top edge of the padding during the layout phase.  
[position](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-position.html)|  Element's positioning in
its parent container.  
[right](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-right.html)|  Right distance from the
element's box during layout.  
[rotate](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-rotate.html)|  A rotation transformation.  
[scale](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-scale.html)|  A scaling transformation.  
[textOverflow](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-textOverflow.html)|  The element's
text overflow mode.  
[top](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-top.html)|  Top distance from the element's
box during layout.  
[transformOrigin](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-transformOrigin.html)|  The
transformation origin is the point around which a transformation is applied.  
[transitionDelay](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-transitionDelay.html)|  Duration
to wait before starting a property's transition effect when its value changes.  
[transitionDuration](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-transitionDuration.html)|  Time
a transition animation should take to complete.  
[transitionProperty](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-transitionProperty.html)|
Properties to which a transition effect should be applied.  
[transitionTimingFunction](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-
transitionTimingFunction.html)|  Determines how intermediate values are
calculated for properties modified by a transition effect.  
[translate](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-translate.html)|  A translate
transformation.  
[unityBackgroundImageTintColor](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-
unityBackgroundImageTintColor.html)|  Tinting color for the element's
backgroundImage.  
[unityEditorTextRenderingMode](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-
unityEditorTextRenderingMode.html)|  TextElement editor rendering mode.  
[unityFont](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unityFont.html)|  Font to draw the
element's text, defined as a Font object.  
[unityFontDefinition](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unityFontDefinition.html)|
Font to draw the element's text, defined as a FontDefinition structure. It
takes precedence over -unity-font.  
[unityFontStyleAndWeight](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-
unityFontStyleAndWeight.html)|  Font style and weight (normal, bold, italic)
to draw the element's text.  
[unityParagraphSpacing](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unityParagraphSpacing.html)|
Increases or decreases the space between paragraphs.  
[unitySliceBottom](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unitySliceBottom.html)|  Size of
the 9-slice's bottom edge when painting an element's background image.  
[unitySliceLeft](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unitySliceLeft.html)|  Size of the
9-slice's left edge when painting an element's background image.  
[unitySliceRight](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unitySliceRight.html)|  Size of
the 9-slice's right edge when painting an element's background image.  
[unitySliceScale](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unitySliceScale.html)|  Scale
applied to an element's slices.  
[unitySliceTop](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unitySliceTop.html)|  Size of the
9-slice's top edge when painting an element's background image.  
[unityTextAlign](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unityTextAlign.html)|  Horizontal
and vertical text alignment in the element's box.  
[unityTextGenerator](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unityTextGenerator.html)|
Switches between Unity's standard and advanced text generator  
[unityTextOutlineColor](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unityTextOutlineColor.html)|
Outline color of the text.  
[unityTextOutlineWidth](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-unityTextOutlineWidth.html)|
Outline width of the text.  
[unityTextOverflowPosition](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-
unityTextOverflowPosition.html)|  The element's text overflow position.  
[visibility](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-visibility.html)|  Specifies whether or
not an element is visible.  
[whiteSpace](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-whiteSpace.html)|  Word wrap over
multiple lines if not enough space is available to draw the text of an
element.  
[width](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-width.html)|  Fixed width of an element for
the layout.  
[wordSpacing](UIElements.IResolvedStyle-wordSpacing.html)|  Increases or
decreases the space between words.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

