[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Hierarchy

struct in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Hierarchy is a struct allowing access to the hierarchy of visual elements

### Properties

[childCount](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy-childCount.html)|  Number of
child elements in this object's contentContainer  
---|---  
[parent](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy-parent.html)|  The physical parent
of this element in the hierarchy.  
[this[int]](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.Index_operator.html)|  Returns
the element at the specified index in the hierarchy  
  
### Public Methods

[Add](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.Add.html)|  Add an element to this
element's contentContainer  
---|---  
[Children](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.Children.html)|  Returns the
elements from its contentContainer  
[Clear](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.Clear.html)|  Remove all child
elements from this element's contentContainer  
[ElementAt](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.ElementAt.html)|  Retrieves the
child element at position  
[Equals](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.Equals.html)|  Compares instances
of the Hierarchy struct for equality.  
[IndexOf](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.IndexOf.html)|  Retrieves the
index of the specified VisualElement in the Hierarchy.  
[Insert](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.Insert.html)|  Insert an element
into this element's contentContainer  
[Remove](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.Remove.html)|  Removes this child
from the hierarchy.  
[RemoveAt](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.RemoveAt.html)|  Remove the
child element located at this position from this element's contentContainer  
[Sort](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy.Sort.html)|  Reorders child elements
from this VisualElement contentContainer.  
  
### Operators

[operator !=](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy-operator_ne.html)|  Compares
instances of the Hierarchy struct for inequality.  
---|---  
[operator ==](UIElements.VisualElement.Hierarchy-operator_eq.html)|  Compares
instances of the Hierarchy struct for equality.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

