[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# BindingExtensions

class in UnityEditor.UIElements

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Provides VisualElement extension methods that implement data binding between
INotifyValueChanged fields and SerializedObjects.

### Static Properties

[prefabOverrideUssClassName](UIElements.BindingExtensions-
prefabOverrideUssClassName.html)|  USS class added to element when in prefab
override mode.  
---|---  
  
### Static Methods

[Bind](UIElements.BindingExtensions.Bind.html)|  Binds a SerializedObject to
fields in the element hierarchy.  
---|---  
[BindProperty](UIElements.BindingExtensions.BindProperty.html)|  Binds a
property to a field and synchronizes their values. This method finds the
property using the field's binding path.  
[TrackPropertyValue](UIElements.BindingExtensions.TrackPropertyValue.html)|
Executes the callback when the property value changes. Unity checks properties
for changes at regular intervals during the update loop. If no callback is
specified, a SerializedPropertyChangeEvent is sent to the target element.  
[TrackSerializedObjectValue](UIElements.BindingExtensions.TrackSerializedObjectValue.html)|
Executes the callback when the property value changes. Unity checks properties
for changes at regular intervals during the update loop. If no callback is
specified, a SerializedPropertyChangeEvent is sent to the target element.  
[Unbind](UIElements.BindingExtensions.Unbind.html)|  Disconnects all
properties bound to fields in the element's hierarchy.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

