[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SortColumnDescriptions

class in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This represents a collection or SortColumnDescriptions in multi
SortColumnDescription views.

### Properties

[Count](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.Count.html)|  Gets the number of
sort descriptions in the collection.  
---|---  
[IsReadOnly](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.IsReadOnly.html)|  Gets a value
indicating whether the collection is readonly.  
[this[int]](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.Index_operator.html)|  Returns
the SortColumnDescription at the specified index.  
  
### Public Methods

[Add](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.Add.html)|  Adds a sort description at
the end of the collection.  
---|---  
[Clear](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.Clear.html)|  Removes all sort
descriptions from the collection.  
[Contains](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.Contains.html)|  Determines
whether the current collection contains a specific value.  
[CopyTo](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.CopyTo.html)|  Copies the elements
of the current collection to a Array, starting at the specified index.  
[GetEnumerator](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.GetEnumerator.html)|
Returns an enumerator that iterates through the collection.  
[IndexOf](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.IndexOf.html)|  Returns the index
of the specified SortColumnDescription if it is contained in the collection;
returns -1 otherwise.  
[Insert](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.Insert.html)|  Inserts a sort
description into the current instance at the specified index.  
[Remove](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.Remove.html)|  Removes the first
occurence of a sort description from the collection.  
[RemoveAt](UIElements.SortColumnDescriptions.RemoveAt.html)|  Removes the sort
description at the specified index.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

