[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[BaseVerticalCollectionView](UIElements.BaseVerticalCollectionView.html).itemsSourceChanged

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Raised when the data source of a vertical collection view is assigned a new
reference or new type.

Use this event to handle changes to the vertical collection view's data
source, ensuring the UI appropriately reflects the new data. For example, if
the data source changes from a list of characters to a list of items, you can
use this event to update the binding events so the UI fits the new type.  
  
This event isn't raised if the selection or the size of the data source
changes. For size changes, such as adding or removing an item from a list
view, listen to the
[BaseListViewController.itemsSourceSizeChanged](UIElements.BaseListViewController-
itemsSourceSizeChanged.html) event. For selection changes, listen to the
[BaseVerticalCollectionView.selectionChanged](UIElements.BaseVerticalCollectionView-
selectionChanged.html) event.  
  
Additional resources:
[BaseListViewController.itemsAdded](UIElements.BaseListViewController-
itemsAdded.html),
[BaseListViewController.itemsRemoved](UIElements.BaseListViewController-
itemsRemoved.html)  
  
The following example illustrates that the `itemsSourceChanged` event is only
triggered when the [itemsSource](UIElements.BaseVerticalCollectionView-
itemsSource.html) property is changed, not when the contents of the data
source are modified.

    
    
     var changedCount = 0;
     var source = new List<string>();
     var listView = new [ListView](UIElements.ListView.html)();
     
     listView.itemsSourceChanged += () => changedCount++;
     
     // Changing the data source of the list view triggers the event.
     listView.itemsSource = source;
     
     // Adding an item to the source doesn't trigger itemsSourceChanged 
     // because the data source reference remains the same.
     source.Add("Hello World!"); 
     
     // Adding an item to the [ListView](UIElements.ListView.html) directly doesn't trigger itemsSourceChanged 
     // because the data source reference remains the same.
     listView.viewController.AddItems(1); 
     
     [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)(changedCount); // Outputs 1.
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

