[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [VisualElement](UIElements.VisualElement.html).usageHints

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public [UIElements.UsageHints](UIElements.UsageHints.html) usageHints;

### Description

A combination of hint values that specify high-level intended usage patterns
for the [VisualElement](UIElements.VisualElement.html). This property can only
be set when the [VisualElement](UIElements.VisualElement.html) is not yet part
of a Panel. Once part of a Panel, this property becomes effectively read-only,
and attempts to change it will throw an exception. The specification of proper
[UsageHints](UIElements.UsageHints.html) drives the system to make better
decisions on how to process or accelerate certain operations based on the
anticipated usage pattern. Note that those hints do not affect behavioral or
visual results, but only affect the overall performance of the panel and the
elements within. It's advised to always consider specifying the proper
[UsageHints](UIElements.UsageHints.html), but keep in mind that some
[UsageHints](UIElements.UsageHints.html) might be internally ignored under
certain conditions (e.g. due to hardware limitations on the target platform).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

