[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# VersionChangeType

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Value used to signify some changes in the VisualElement

### Properties

[Bindings](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Bindings.html)|  Some data was bound  
---|---  
[ViewData](UIElements.VersionChangeType.ViewData.html)|  persistent data ready  
[Hierarchy](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Hierarchy.html)|  changes to
hierarchy  
[Layout](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Layout.html)|  changes to properties
that may have an impact on layout  
[StyleSheet](UIElements.VersionChangeType.StyleSheet.html)|  changes to
StyleSheet, USS class  
[Styles](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Styles.html)|  changes to styles  
[Overflow](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Overflow.html)|  changes to the
overflow  
[BorderRadius](UIElements.VersionChangeType.BorderRadius.html)|  changes to
the border radis  
[BorderWidth](UIElements.VersionChangeType.BorderWidth.html)|  changes to the
border width  
[Transform](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Transform.html)|  changes that may
impact the world transform (e.g. laid out position, local transform)  
[Size](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Size.html)|  changes to the size of the
element after layout has been performed, without taking the local transform
into account  
[Repaint](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Repaint.html)|  The visuals of the
element have changed  
[Opacity](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Opacity.html)|  The opacity of the
element have changed  
[Color](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Color.html)|  Some color of the element
has changed (background-color, border-color, etc.)  
[RenderHints](UIElements.VersionChangeType.RenderHints.html)|  Some render
hints were changed  
[TransitionProperty](UIElements.VersionChangeType.TransitionProperty.html)|
The 'transition-property' style of the element has changed (impacts cancelling
of ongoing style transitions)  
[EventCallbackCategories](UIElements.VersionChangeType.EventCallbackCategories.html)|
The combined registered callbacks' EventCategory values has changed  
[DisableRendering](UIElements.VersionChangeType.DisableRendering.html)|  The
DisableRendering flag has changed  
[BindingRegistration](UIElements.VersionChangeType.BindingRegistration.html)|
Add or remove a binding was requested  
[DataSource](UIElements.VersionChangeType.DataSource.html)|  The data source
of the element was changed  
[Picking](UIElements.VersionChangeType.Picking.html)|  Some property changed
that potentially invalidates cached Picking results  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

