[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# KeyboardNavigationOperation

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents an operation that the user is trying to accomplish through a
specific input mechanism.

Tests the received callback value for
[KeyboardNavigationManipulator](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationManipulator.html)
against the values of this enum to implement the operation in your UI.

### Properties

[None](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.None.html)|  Default value.
Indicates an uninitialized enum value.  
---|---  
[SelectAll](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.SelectAll.html)|  Selects
all UI selectable elements or text.  
[Cancel](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.Cancel.html)|  Cancels the
current UI interaction.  
[Submit](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.Submit.html)|  Submits or
concludes the current UI interaction.  
[Previous](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.Previous.html)|  Moves up to
the previous item.  
[Next](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.Next.html)|  Moves down to the
next item.  
[MoveRight](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.MoveRight.html)|  Moves to
the right.  
[MoveLeft](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.MoveLeft.html)|  Moves to
the left.  
[PageUp](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.PageUp.html)|  Moves the
selection up one page (in a list that has a scrollable area).  
[PageDown](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.PageDown.html)|  Moves the
selection down one page (in a list that has a scrollable area).  
[Begin](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.Begin.html)|  Selects the first
element.  
[End](UIElements.KeyboardNavigationOperation.End.html)|  Selects the last
element.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

