[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Column

class in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

  

Implements
interfaces:[INotifyBindablePropertyChanged](UIElements.INotifyBindablePropertyChanged.html)

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents a column in multi-column views such as multi-column list view or
multi-column tree view. Provides the properties to define how user interacts
with a column in a multi-column view, how its data and the data of each cell
in this column are represented.

### Properties

[bindCell](UIElements.Column-bindCell.html)|  Callback for binding the
specified data item at the given row to the visual element.  
---|---  
[bindHeader](UIElements.Column-bindHeader.html)|  Callback for binding the
header element to this column.  
[bindingPath](UIElements.Column-bindingPath.html)|  Path of the target
property to be bound.  
[cellTemplate](UIElements.Column-cellTemplate.html)|  The VisualElement that
is the template for each cell of the column.  
[collection](UIElements.Column-collection.html)|  The column collection that
contains this column.  
[comparison](UIElements.Column-comparison.html)|  The comparison to use when
using ColumnSortingMode.Default. Compares two items by their index in the
source.  
[destroyCell](UIElements.Column-destroyCell.html)|  Callback for destroying
the VisualElement that was built for this column.  
[destroyHeader](UIElements.Column-destroyHeader.html)|  Callback for
destroying the visual representation of the column in the header.  
[headerTemplate](UIElements.Column-headerTemplate.html)|  The VisualElement
that is the template for the header of the column.  
[icon](UIElements.Column-icon.html)|  The icon of the column.  
[makeCell](UIElements.Column-makeCell.html)|  Callback for constructing the
VisualElement that is the template for each cell of the column.  
[makeHeader](UIElements.Column-makeHeader.html)|  Callback for constructing
the visual representation of the column in the header.  
[maxWidth](UIElements.Column-maxWidth.html)|  The maximum width of the column.  
[minWidth](UIElements.Column-minWidth.html)|  The minimum width of the column.  
[name](UIElements.Column-name.html)|  The name of the column.  
[optional](UIElements.Column-optional.html)|  Indicates whether the column is
optional. Optional columns be shown or hidden interactively by the user.  
[resizable](UIElements.Column-resizable.html)|  Indicates whether the column
can be resized interactively by the user.  
[sortable](UIElements.Column-sortable.html)|  Indicates whether the column can
be sorted.  
[stretchable](UIElements.Column-stretchable.html)|  Indicates whether the
column will be automatically resized to fill the available space within its
container.  
[title](UIElements.Column-title.html)|  The title of the column.  
[unbindCell](UIElements.Column-unbindCell.html)|  Callback for unbinding the
specified data item at the given row from the visual element.  
[unbindHeader](UIElements.Column-unbindHeader.html)|  Callback for unbinding
the header element to this column.  
[visible](UIElements.Column-visible.html)|  Indicates whether the column is
visible.  
[width](UIElements.Column-width.html)|  The desired width of the column.  
  
### Events

[propertyChanged](UIElements.Column-propertyChanged.html)|  Called when a
property has changed.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

