[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Background

struct in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Describes a [VisualElement](UIElements.VisualElement.html) background.

### Properties

[renderTexture](UIElements.Background-renderTexture.html)|  The RenderTexture
to display as a background.  
---|---  
[sprite](UIElements.Background-sprite.html)|  The sprite to display as a
background.  
[texture](UIElements.Background-texture.html)|  The texture to display as a
background.  
[vectorImage](UIElements.Background-vectorImage.html)|  The VectorImage to
display as a background.  
  
### Public Methods

[GetSelectedImage](UIElements.Background.GetSelectedImage.html)|  Retrieves
the selected asset which can be of a type of Texture, Sprite, RenderTexture or
VectorImage.  
---|---  
[IsEmpty](UIElements.Background.IsEmpty.html)|  Help verify whether an asset
has been assigned or not.  
  
### Static Methods

[FromRenderTexture](UIElements.Background.FromRenderTexture.html)|  Creates a
background from a RenderTexture.  
---|---  
[FromSprite](UIElements.Background.FromSprite.html)|  Creates a background
from a Sprite.  
[FromTexture2D](UIElements.Background.FromTexture2D.html)|  Creates a
background from a Texture2D.  
[FromVectorImage](UIElements.Background.FromVectorImage.html)|  Creates a
background from a VectorImage.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

