[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [BaseBoolField](UIElements.BaseBoolField.html).SetValueWithoutNotify

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void SetValueWithoutNotify(bool newValue);

### Description

Sets the value of the [BaseBoolField](UIElements.BaseBoolField.html), but does
not notify the rest of the hierarchy of the change.

This method is useful when you want to change the control's value without
triggering events. For example, you can use it when you initialize UI to avoid
triggering unnecessary events, and to prevent situations where changing the
value of one control triggers an event that tries to update another control
that hasn't been initialized, and may not exist yet.  
  
This method is also useful for preventing circular updates. Let's say you link
two controls so they always have the same value. When a user changes the value
of the first control, it fires an event to update the value of the second
control. If you update the second control's value "normally," as though a user
changed it, it will fire another event to update the first control's value,
which will fire an event to update the second control's value again, and so
on. If one control update's the other's value using SetValueWithoutNotify, the
update does not trigger an event, which prevents the circular update loop.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

