[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Columns

class in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

  

Implements
interfaces:[INotifyBindablePropertyChanged](UIElements.INotifyBindablePropertyChanged.html)

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents a collection of columns.

### Properties

[Count](UIElements.Columns.Count.html)|  Gets the number of columns in the
collection.  
---|---  
[IsReadOnly](UIElements.Columns.IsReadOnly.html)|  Gets a value indicating
whether the collection is readonly.  
[primaryColumnName](UIElements.Columns-primaryColumnName.html)|  Indicates the
column that needs to be considered as the primary column, by ID.  
[reorderable](UIElements.Columns-reorderable.html)|  Indicates whether the
columns can be reordered interactively by user.  
[resizable](UIElements.Columns-resizable.html)|  Indicates whether the columns
can be resized interactively by user.  
[resizePreview](UIElements.Columns-resizePreview.html)|  Indicates whether
columns are resized as the user drags resize handles or only upon mouse
release.  
[stretchMode](UIElements.Columns-stretchMode.html)|  Indicates how the size of
columns in this collection is automatically adjusted as other columns or the
containing view get resized. The default value is StretchMode.GrowAndFill  
[this[int]](UIElements.Columns.Index_operator.html)|  Returns the column at
the specified index.  
  
### Public Methods

[Add](UIElements.Columns.Add.html)|  Adds a column at the end of the
collection.  
---|---  
[Clear](UIElements.Columns.Clear.html)|  Removes all columns from the
collection.  
[Contains](UIElements.Columns.Contains.html)|  Whether the columns contain the
specified name.  
[CopyTo](UIElements.Columns.CopyTo.html)|  Copies the elements of the current
collection to a Array, starting at the specified index.  
[GetEnumerator](UIElements.Columns.GetEnumerator.html)|  Returns an enumerator
that iterates through the collection.  
[IndexOf](UIElements.Columns.IndexOf.html)|  Returns the index of the
specified column if it is contained in the collection; returns -1 otherwise.  
[Insert](UIElements.Columns.Insert.html)|  Inserts a column into the current
instance at the specified index.  
[IsPrimary](UIElements.Columns.IsPrimary.html)|  Checks if the specified
column is the primary one.  
[Remove](UIElements.Columns.Remove.html)|  Removes the first occurence of a
column from the collection.  
[RemoveAt](UIElements.Columns.RemoveAt.html)|  Removes the column at the
specified index.  
[ReorderDisplay](UIElements.Columns.ReorderDisplay.html)|  Reorders the
display of a column at the specified source index, to the destination index.  
  
### Events

[propertyChanged](UIElements.Columns-propertyChanged.html)|  Called when a
property has changed.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

