[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Experimental** : this API is experimental and might be changed or removed in
the future.

# StyleValues

struct in UnityEngine.UIElements.Experimental

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Container object used to animate multiple style values at once.

### Properties

[backgroundColor](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-backgroundColor.html)|
Background color to paint in the element's box.  
---|---  
[borderBottomLeftRadius](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-
borderBottomLeftRadius.html)|  The radius of the bottom-left corner when a
rounded rectangle is drawn in the element's box.  
[borderBottomRightRadius](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-
borderBottomRightRadius.html)|  The radius of the bottom-right corner when a
rounded rectangle is drawn in the element's box.  
[borderBottomWidth](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-
borderBottomWidth.html)|  Space reserved for the bottom edge of the border
during the layout phase.  
[borderColor](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-borderColor.html)|  Color of
the border to paint inside the element's box.  
[borderLeftWidth](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-borderLeftWidth.html)|
Space reserved for the left edge of the border during the layout phase.  
[borderRightWidth](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-borderRightWidth.html)|
Space reserved for the right edge of the border during the layout phase.  
[borderTopLeftRadius](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-
borderTopLeftRadius.html)|  The radius of the top-left corner when a rounded
rectangle is drawn in the element's box.  
[borderTopRightRadius](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-
borderTopRightRadius.html)|  The radius of the top-right corner when a rounded
rectangle is drawn in the element's box.  
[borderTopWidth](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-borderTopWidth.html)|
Space reserved for the top edge of the border during the layout phase.  
[bottom](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-bottom.html)|  Bottom distance
from the element's box during layout.  
[color](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-color.html)|  Color to use when
drawing the text of an element.  
[flexGrow](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-flexGrow.html)|  Specifies how
much the item will grow relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the
same container.  
[flexShrink](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-flexShrink.html)|  Specifies
how the item will shrink relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the
same container.  
[height](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-height.html)|  Fixed height of an
element for the layout.  
[left](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-left.html)|  Left distance from the
element's box during layout.  
[marginBottom](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-marginBottom.html)|  Space
reserved for the bottom edge of the margin during the layout phase.  
[marginLeft](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-marginLeft.html)|  Space
reserved for the left edge of the margin during the layout phase.  
[marginRight](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-marginRight.html)|  Space
reserved for the right edge of the margin during the layout phase.  
[marginTop](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-marginTop.html)|  Space
reserved for the top edge of the margin during the layout phase.  
[opacity](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-opacity.html)|  Specifies the
transparency of an element.  
[paddingBottom](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-paddingBottom.html)|
Space reserved for the bottom edge of the padding during the layout phase.  
[paddingLeft](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-paddingLeft.html)|  Space
reserved for the left edge of the padding during the layout phase.  
[paddingRight](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-paddingRight.html)|  Space
reserved for the right edge of the padding during the layout phase.  
[paddingTop](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-paddingTop.html)|  Space
reserved for the top edge of the padding during the layout phase.  
[right](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-right.html)|  Right distance from
the element's box during layout.  
[top](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-top.html)|  Top distance from the
element's box during layout.  
[unityBackgroundImageTintColor](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-
unityBackgroundImageTintColor.html)|  Tinting color for the element's
backgroundImage.  
[width](UIElements.Experimental.StyleValues-width.html)|  Fixed width of an
element for the layout.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

