[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# KeyDownEvent

class in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Inherits
from:[UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1.html)

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This event is sent when a key is pressed.

This event trickles down and bubbles up.

### Inherited Members

### Properties

[bubbles](UIElements.EventBase-bubbles.html)|  Returns whether this event type
bubbles up in the event propagation path.  
---|---  
[currentTarget](UIElements.EventBase-currentTarget.html)|  The current target
of the event. This is the VisualElement, in the propagation path, for which
event handlers are currently being executed.  
[dispatch](UIElements.EventBase-dispatch.html)|  Indicates whether the event
is being dispatched to a visual element. An event cannot be redispatched while
it being dispatched. If you need to recursively dispatch an event, it is
recommended that you use a copy of the event.  
[imguiEvent](UIElements.EventBase-imguiEvent.html)|  The IMGUIEvent at the
source of this event. The source can be null since not all events are
generated by IMGUI.  
[isImmediatePropagationStopped](UIElements.EventBase-
isImmediatePropagationStopped.html)|  Indicates whether
StopImmediatePropagation() was called for this event.  
[isPropagationStopped](UIElements.EventBase-isPropagationStopped.html)|
Whether StopPropagation() was called for this event.  
[originalMousePosition](UIElements.EventBase-originalMousePosition.html)|  The
original mouse position of the IMGUI event, before it is transformed to the
current target local coordinates.  
[pooled](UIElements.EventBase-pooled.html)|  Whether the event is allocated
from a pool of events.  
[propagationPhase](UIElements.EventBase-propagationPhase.html)|  The current
propagation phase for this event.  
[target](UIElements.EventBase-target.html)|  The target visual element that
received this event. Unlike currentTarget, this target does not change when
the event is sent to other elements along the propagation path.  
[timestamp](UIElements.EventBase-timestamp.html)|  The time when the event was
created, in milliseconds.  
[tricklesDown](UIElements.EventBase-tricklesDown.html)|  Returns whether this
event is sent down the event propagation path during the TrickleDown phase.  
[eventTypeId](UIElements.EventBase_1-eventTypeId.html)|  Retrieves the type ID
for this event instance.  
[actionKey](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1-actionKey.html)|  Gets a boolean
value that indicates whether the platform-specific action key is pressed. True
means the action key is pressed. False means it isn't.  
[altKey](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1-altKey.html)|  Gets a boolean value
that indicates whether the Alt key is pressed. True means the Alt key is
pressed. False means it isn't.  
[character](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1-character.html)|  Gets the
character entered.  
[commandKey](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1-commandKey.html)|  Gets a boolean
value that indicates whether the Windows/Cmd key is pressed. True means the
Windows/Cmd key is pressed. False means it isn't.  
[ctrlKey](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1-ctrlKey.html)|  Gets a boolean value
that indicates whether the Ctrl key is pressed. True means the Ctrl key is
pressed. False means it isn't.  
[keyCode](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1-keyCode.html)|  The key code.  
[modifiers](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1-modifiers.html)|  Gets flags that
indicate whether modifier keys (Alt, Ctrl, Shift, Windows/Cmd) are pressed.  
[shiftKey](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1-shiftKey.html)|  Gets a boolean
value that indicates whether the Shift key is pressed. True means the Shift
key is pressed. False means it isn't.  
  
### Public Methods

[StopImmediatePropagation](UIElements.EventBase.StopImmediatePropagation.html)|
Immediately stops the propagation of the event. The event isn't sent to other
elements along the propagation path. This method prevents other event handlers
from executing on the current target.  
---|---  
[StopPropagation](UIElements.EventBase.StopPropagation.html)|  Stops
propagating this event. The event is not sent to other elements along the
propagation path. This method does not prevent other event handlers from
executing on the current target. If this method is called during the
TrickleDown propagation phase, it will prevent default actions to be
processed, such as an element getting focused as a result of a
PointerDownEvent.  
[Dispose](UIElements.EventBase_1.Dispose.html)|  Implementation of IDispose.  
  
### Protected Methods

[PostDispatch](UIElements.EventBase.PostDispatch.html)|  Allows subclasses to
perform custom logic after the event has been dispatched.  
---|---  
[PreDispatch](UIElements.EventBase.PreDispatch.html)|  Allows subclasses to
perform custom logic before the event is dispatched.  
[Init](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1.Init.html)|  Resets the event members to
their initial values.  
  
### Static Methods

[RegisterEventType](UIElements.EventBase.RegisterEventType.html)|  Registers
an event class to the event type system.  
---|---  
[GetPooled](UIElements.EventBase_1.GetPooled.html)|  Gets an event from the
event pool. Use this function instead of creating new events. Events obtained
using this method need to be released back to the pool. You can use Dispose()
to release them.  
[TypeId](UIElements.EventBase_1.TypeId.html)|  Retrieves the type ID for this
event instance.  
[GetPooled](UIElements.KeyboardEventBase_1.GetPooled.html)|  Gets a keyboard
event from the event pool and initializes it with the given values. Use this
function instead of creating new events. Events obtained using this method
need to be released back to the pool. You can use Dispose() to release them.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

