[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# VisualElementFocusChangeDirection

class in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Inherits
from:[UIElements.FocusChangeDirection](UIElements.FocusChangeDirection.html)

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Define focus change directions for the VisualElementFocusRing.

### Static Properties

[lastValue](UIElements.VisualElementFocusChangeDirection-lastValue.html)|
Last value for the direction defined by this class.  
---|---  
[left](UIElements.VisualElementFocusChangeDirection-left.html)|  The focus is
moving to the left.  
[right](UIElements.VisualElementFocusChangeDirection-right.html)|  The focus
is moving to the right.  
  
### Inherited Members

### Static Properties

[lastValue](UIElements.FocusChangeDirection-lastValue.html)|  Last value for
the direction defined by this class.  
---|---  
[none](UIElements.FocusChangeDirection-none.html)|  The null direction. This
is usually used when the focus stays on the same element.  
[unspecified](UIElements.FocusChangeDirection-unspecified.html)|  Focus came
from an unspecified direction, for example after a mouse down.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

