[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# MeshGenerationContext

class in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Provides methods for generating a visual element's visual content during the
[VisualElement.generateVisualContent](UIElements.VisualElement-
generateVisualContent.html) callback.

  
Visual content is generated by using the
[Painter2D](UIElements.Painter2D.html) object, or manually by allocating a
mesh using the
[MeshGenerationContext.Allocate](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.Allocate.html)
method and then filling the vertices and indices.  
  
To use the painter object, access the
[MeshGenerationContext.painter2D](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext-
painter2D.html) property, and then use it to issue drawing commands. You can
find an example in the [Painter2D](UIElements.Painter2D.html) documentation.  
  
If you manually provide content with
[MeshGenerationContext.Allocate](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.Allocate.html)
and also provide a texture during the allocation, you can use the
[Vertex.uv](UIElements.Vertex-uv.html) vertex values to map it to the
resulting mesh. UI Toolkit might store the texture in an internal atlas.  
  
  

    
    
    //This example creates a custom element that dynamically renders a textured rectangle 
    //based on the element’s size.   
      
    using UnityEngine;
    using UnityEngine.UIElements;  
      
    public class TexturedElement : [VisualElement](UIElements.VisualElement.html)
    {
        static readonly [Vertex](UIElements.Vertex.html)[] k_Vertices = new [Vertex](UIElements.Vertex.html)[4];
        static readonly ushort[] k_Indices = { 0, 1, 2, 2, 3, 0 };  
      
        static TexturedElement()
        {
            k_Vertices[0].tint = [Color.white](Color-white.html);
            k_Vertices[1].tint = [Color.white](Color-white.html);
            k_Vertices[2].tint = [Color.white](Color-white.html);
            k_Vertices[3].tint = [Color.white](Color-white.html);  
      
            k_Vertices[0].uv = new [Vector2](Vector2.html)(0, 0);
            k_Vertices[1].uv = new [Vector2](Vector2.html)(0, 1);
            k_Vertices[2].uv = new [Vector2](Vector2.html)(1, 1);
            k_Vertices[3].uv = new [Vector2](Vector2.html)(1, 0);
        }  
      
        [Texture2D](Texture2D.html) m_Texture;  
      
        public TexturedElement()
        {
            //This element grows to fill the available space.
            style.flexGrow = 1.0f;
            
            //Subscribes the OnGenerateVisualContent method to the generateVisualContent delegate.
            generateVisualContent += OnGenerateVisualContent;  
      
            //Create a simple 2x2 checkerboard texture.
            m_Texture = new [Texture2D](Texture2D.html)(2, 2);
            m_Texture.SetPixels(new [Color](Color.html)[] {
                [Color.white](Color-white.html), [Color.black](Color-black.html),
                [Color.black](Color-black.html), [Color.white](Color-white.html)
            });
            m_Texture.Apply();  
      
            //You can also load a texture from a file.
            //m_Texture = [AssetDatabase.LoadAssetAtPath](AssetDatabase.LoadAssetAtPath.html)<[Texture2D](Texture2D.html)>("Assets/tex.png");
        }  
      
        //This method is called when the element needs to render its content.
        void OnGenerateVisualContent([MeshGenerationContext](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.html) mgc)
        {
            [Rect](Rect.html) r = contentRect;
            if (r.width < 0.01f || r.height < 0.01f)
                return; // Skip rendering when too small.  
      
            float left = 0;
            float right = r.width;
            float top = 0;
            float bottom = r.height;  
      
            k_Vertices[0].position = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(left, bottom, [Vertex.nearZ](UIElements.Vertex-nearZ.html));
            k_Vertices[1].position = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(left, top, [Vertex.nearZ](UIElements.Vertex-nearZ.html));
            k_Vertices[2].position = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(right, top, [Vertex.nearZ](UIElements.Vertex-nearZ.html));
            k_Vertices[3].position = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(right, bottom, [Vertex.nearZ](UIElements.Vertex-nearZ.html));  
      
            [MeshWriteData](UIElements.MeshWriteData.html) mwd = mgc.Allocate(k_Vertices.Length, k_Indices.Length, m_Texture);  
      
            mwd.SetAllVertices(k_Vertices);
            mwd.SetAllIndices(k_Indices);
        }
    }
    

### Properties

[painter2D](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext-painter2D.html)|  The vector
painter object used to issue drawing commands.  
---|---  
[visualElement](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext-visualElement.html)|  The
element for which VisualElement.generateVisualContent was invoked.  
  
### Public Methods

[AddMeshGenerationJob](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.AddMeshGenerationJob.html)|
Instructs the renderer to wait for the completion of the provided JobHandle
before beginning processing the meshes.  
---|---  
[Allocate](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.Allocate.html)|  Allocates and
draws the specified number of vertices and indices required to express
geometry for drawing the content of a VisualElement.  
[AllocateTempMesh](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.AllocateTempMesh.html)|
Allocates the specified number of vertices and indices from a temporary
allocator.  
[DrawMesh](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.DrawMesh.html)|  Records a draw
command with the provided triangle-list indexed mesh.  
[DrawText](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.DrawText.html)|  Draw a string of
text.  
[DrawVectorImage](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.DrawVectorImage.html)|
Draws a VectorImage asset.  
[GetTempMeshAllocator](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.GetTempMeshAllocator.html)|
Returns an allocator that can be used to safely allocate temporary meshes from
the job system. The meshes have the same scope as those allocated by
AllocateTempMesh.  
[InsertMeshGenerationNode](UIElements.MeshGenerationContext.InsertMeshGenerationNode.html)|
Inserts a node into the rendering tree that can be populated from the job
system.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

