[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Experimental** : this API is experimental and might be changed or removed in
the future.

# PointerUpLinkTagEvent

class in UnityEngine.UIElements.Experimental

/

Inherits
from:[UIElements.PointerEventBase_1](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1.html)

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This event is sent when a pointer's last pressed button is released on a link
tag.

### Properties

[linkID](UIElements.Experimental.PointerUpLinkTagEvent-linkID.html)|  LinkTag
corresponding linkID.  
---|---  
[linkText](UIElements.Experimental.PointerUpLinkTagEvent-linkText.html)|
LinkTag corresponding text.  
  
### Constructors

[PointerUpLinkTagEvent](UIElements.Experimental.PointerUpLinkTagEvent-
ctor.html)|  Constructor.  
---|---  
  
### Protected Methods

[Init](UIElements.Experimental.PointerUpLinkTagEvent.Init.html)|  Resets the
event members to their initial values.  
---|---  
  
### Static Methods

[GetPooled](UIElements.Experimental.PointerUpLinkTagEvent.GetPooled.html)|
Gets an event from the event pool and initializes it with the given values.
Use this function instead of creating new events. Events obtained using this
method need to be released back to the pool. You can use Dispose() to release
them.  
---|---  
  
### Inherited Members

### Properties

[bubbles](UIElements.EventBase-bubbles.html)|  Returns whether this event type
bubbles up in the event propagation path.  
---|---  
[dispatch](UIElements.EventBase-dispatch.html)|  Indicates whether the event
is being dispatched to a visual element. An event cannot be redispatched while
it being dispatched. If you need to recursively dispatch an event, it is
recommended that you use a copy of the event.  
[imguiEvent](UIElements.EventBase-imguiEvent.html)|  The IMGUIEvent at the
source of this event. The source can be null since not all events are
generated by IMGUI.  
[isImmediatePropagationStopped](UIElements.EventBase-
isImmediatePropagationStopped.html)|  Indicates whether
StopImmediatePropagation() was called for this event.  
[isPropagationStopped](UIElements.EventBase-isPropagationStopped.html)|
Whether StopPropagation() was called for this event.  
[originalMousePosition](UIElements.EventBase-originalMousePosition.html)|  The
original mouse position of the IMGUI event, before it is transformed to the
current target local coordinates.  
[pooled](UIElements.EventBase-pooled.html)|  Whether the event is allocated
from a pool of events.  
[propagationPhase](UIElements.EventBase-propagationPhase.html)|  The current
propagation phase for this event.  
[target](UIElements.EventBase-target.html)|  The target visual element that
received this event. Unlike currentTarget, this target does not change when
the event is sent to other elements along the propagation path.  
[timestamp](UIElements.EventBase-timestamp.html)|  The time when the event was
created, in milliseconds.  
[tricklesDown](UIElements.EventBase-tricklesDown.html)|  Returns whether this
event is sent down the event propagation path during the TrickleDown phase.  
[eventTypeId](UIElements.EventBase_1-eventTypeId.html)|  Retrieves the type ID
for this event instance.  
[actionKey](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-actionKey.html)|  Gets a boolean
value that indicates whether the platform-specific action key is pressed. True
means the action key is pressed. False means it isn't.  
[altitudeAngle](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-altitudeAngle.html)|  Gets the
angle of the stylus relative to the surface, in radians  
[altKey](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-altKey.html)|  Gets a boolean value
that indicates whether the Alt key is pressed. True means the Alt key is
pressed. False means it isn't.  
[azimuthAngle](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-azimuthAngle.html)|  Gets the
angle of the stylus relative to the x-axis, in radians.  
[button](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-button.html)|  Gets a value that
indicates which mouse button was pressed or released (if any) to cause this
event: 0 is the left button, 1 is the right button, 2 is the middle button. A
negative value indicates that no mouse button changed state during this event.  
[clickCount](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-clickCount.html)|  Gets the number
of times the button was pressed.  
[commandKey](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-commandKey.html)|  Gets a boolean
value that indicates whether the Windows/Cmd key is pressed. True means the
Windows/Cmd key is pressed. False means it isn't.  
[ctrlKey](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-ctrlKey.html)|  Gets a boolean value
that indicates whether the Ctrl key is pressed. True means the Ctrl key is
pressed. False means it isn't.  
[currentTarget](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-currentTarget.html)|  Gets the
current target of the event.  
[deltaPosition](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-deltaPosition.html)|  Gets the
difference between the pointer's position during the previous mouse event and
its position during the current mouse event.  
[deltaTime](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-deltaTime.html)|  Gets the amount of
time that has elapsed since the last recorded change in pointer values, in
seconds.  
[isPrimary](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-isPrimary.html)|  Gets a boolean
value that indicates whether the pointer is a primary pointer. True means the
pointer is a primary pointer. False means it isn't.  
[localPosition](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-localPosition.html)|  Gets the
pointer position in the current target's coordinate system.  
[modifiers](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-modifiers.html)|  Gets flags that
indicate whether modifier keys (Alt, Ctrl, Shift, Windows/Cmd) are pressed.  
[penStatus](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-penStatus.html)|  Specifies the
state of the pen. For example, whether the pen is in contact with the screen
or tablet, whether the pen is inverted, and whether buttons are pressed. On
macOS, penStatus will not reflect changes to button mappings.  
[pointerId](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-pointerId.html)|  Gets the
identifier of the pointer that sent the event.  
[pointerType](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-pointerType.html)|  Gets the type
of pointer that created the event.  
[position](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-position.html)|  Gets the pointer
position in the Screen or World coordinate system.  
[pressedButtons](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-pressedButtons.html)|  Gets a
bitmask that describes the buttons that are currently pressed.  
[pressure](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-pressure.html)|  Gets the amount of
pressure currently applied by a touch.  
[radius](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-radius.html)|  Gets an estimate of the
radius of a touch.  
[radiusVariance](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-radiusVariance.html)|  Gets the
accuracy of the touch radius.  
[shiftKey](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-shiftKey.html)|  Gets a boolean value
that indicates whether the Shift key is pressed. True means the Shift key is
pressed. False means it isn't.  
[tangentialPressure](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-tangentialPressure.html)|
Gets the pressure applied to an additional pressure-sensitive control on the
stylus.  
[tilt](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-tilt.html)|  Specifies the angle of the
pen relative to the X and Y axis respectively, in radians.  
[twist](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1-twist.html)|  Gets the rotation of the
stylus around its axis, in radians.  
  
### Public Methods

[StopImmediatePropagation](UIElements.EventBase.StopImmediatePropagation.html)|
Immediately stops the propagation of the event. The event isn't sent to other
elements along the propagation path. This method prevents other event handlers
from executing on the current target.  
---|---  
[StopPropagation](UIElements.EventBase.StopPropagation.html)|  Stops
propagating this event. The event is not sent to other elements along the
propagation path. This method does not prevent other event handlers from
executing on the current target. If this method is called during the
TrickleDown propagation phase, it will prevent default actions to be
processed, such as an element getting focused as a result of a
PointerDownEvent.  
[Dispose](UIElements.EventBase_1.Dispose.html)|  Implementation of IDispose.  
  
### Protected Methods

[PostDispatch](UIElements.EventBase.PostDispatch.html)|  Allows subclasses to
perform custom logic after the event has been dispatched.  
---|---  
[PreDispatch](UIElements.EventBase.PreDispatch.html)|  Allows subclasses to
perform custom logic before the event is dispatched.  
  
### Static Methods

[RegisterEventType](UIElements.EventBase.RegisterEventType.html)|  Registers
an event class to the event type system.  
---|---  
[GetPooled](UIElements.EventBase_1.GetPooled.html)|  Gets an event from the
event pool. Use this function instead of creating new events. Events obtained
using this method need to be released back to the pool. You can use Dispose()
to release them.  
[TypeId](UIElements.EventBase_1.TypeId.html)|  Retrieves the type ID for this
event instance.  
[GetPooled](UIElements.PointerEventBase_1.GetPooled.html)|  Gets an event from
the event pool and initializes it with the given values. Use this function
instead of creating new events. Events obtained using this method need to be
released back to the pool. You can use Dispose() to release them.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

