[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ITextEdition

interface in UnityEngine.UIElements

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Interface to access a TextElement edition capabilities This interface is not
meant to be implemented explicitly as its declaration might change in the
future.

### Properties

[autoCorrection](UIElements.ITextEdition-autoCorrection.html)|  Determines if
the soft keyboard auto correction is turned on or off.  
---|---  
[hideMobileInput](UIElements.ITextEdition-hideMobileInput.html)|  Hides or
shows the mobile input field.  
[hidePlaceholderOnFocus](UIElements.ITextEdition-hidePlaceholderOnFocus.html)|
Hides the placeholder on focus.  
[isDelayed](UIElements.ITextEdition-isDelayed.html)|  If set to true, the
value property isn't updated until either the user presses Enter or the
element loses focus.  
[isPassword](UIElements.ITextEdition-isPassword.html)|  Returns true if the
field is used to edit a password.  
[isReadOnly](UIElements.ITextEdition-isReadOnly.html)|  Returns true if the
element is read only.  
[keyboardType](UIElements.ITextEdition-keyboardType.html)|  The type of mobile
keyboard that will be used.  
[maskChar](UIElements.ITextEdition-maskChar.html)|  The character used for
masking when in password mode.  
[maxLength](UIElements.ITextEdition-maxLength.html)|  Maximum number of
characters for that element  
[placeholder](UIElements.ITextEdition-placeholder.html)|  A short hint to help
users understand what to enter in the field.  
[touchScreenKeyboard](UIElements.ITextEdition-touchScreenKeyboard.html)|  The
TouchScreenKeyboard being used to edit the Input Field.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

