[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# UQueryBuilder<T0>

struct in UnityEngine.UIElements

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.UIElementsModule](UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Utility Object that contructs a set of selection rules to be ran on a root
visual element.

### Constructors

[UQueryBuilder_1](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1-ctor.html)|  Initializes a
QueryBuilder.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[Active](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Active.html)|  Selects all elements that
are active.  
---|---  
[AtIndex](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.AtIndex.html)|  Convenience overload,
shorthand for Build().AtIndex().  
[Build](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Build.html)|  Compiles the selection rules
into a QueryState object.  
[Checked](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Checked.html)|  Selects all elements that
are checked.  
[Children](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Children.html)|  Selects all direct
child elements of elements matching the previous rules.  
[Class](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Class.html)|  Selects all elements with the
specified class in the class list, as specified with the class attribute in a
UXML file or added with VisualElement.AddToClassList method.  
[Descendents](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Descendents.html)|  Selects all
elements that are descendants of currently matching ancestors.  
[Enabled](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Enabled.html)|  Selects all elements that
are enabled.  
[First](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.First.html)|  Convenience overload,
shorthand for Build().First().  
[Focused](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Focused.html)|  Selects all elements that
are focused.  
[ForEach](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.ForEach.html)|  Convenience overload,
shorthand for Build().ForEach().  
[Hovered](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Hovered.html)|  Selects all elements that
are hovered.  
[Last](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Last.html)|  Convenience overload, shorthand
for Build().Last().  
[Name](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Name.html)|  Selects element with this name.  
[NotActive](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.NotActive.html)|  Selects all elements
that are not active.  
[NotChecked](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.NotChecked.html)|  Selects all
elements that not checked.  
[NotEnabled](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.NotEnabled.html)|  Selects all
elements that are not enabled.  
[NotFocused](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.NotFocused.html)|  Selects all
elements that don't currently own the focus.  
[NotHovered](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.NotHovered.html)|  Selects all
elements that are not hovered.  
[NotVisible](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.NotVisible.html)|  Selects all
elements that are not visible.  
[OfType](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.OfType.html)|  Selects all elements of the
specified Type (eg: Label, Button, ScrollView, etc).  
[ToList](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.ToList.html)|  Convenience method.
shorthand for Build().ToList.  
[Visible](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Visible.html)|  Selects all elements that
are visible.  
[Where](UIElements.UQueryBuilder_1.Where.html)|  Selects all elements
satifying the predicate.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

