[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# HierarchySearchFilterOperator

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents options for search filter operators. A colon (:) is the "contains"
operator. A "-" is a "not" operator.

### Properties

[Equal](Unity.Hierarchy.HierarchySearchFilterOperator.Equal.html)|  Checks if
a filter value is equal to the right-hand operand.  
---|---  
[Contains](Unity.Hierarchy.HierarchySearchFilterOperator.Contains.html)|
Checks if a filter value occurs within the right-hand operand. For instance,
with a string value Contains uses string.Contains.  
[Greater](Unity.Hierarchy.HierarchySearchFilterOperator.Greater.html)|  Checks
if a numerical filter value is greater than the right-hand operand.  
[GreaterOrEqual](Unity.Hierarchy.HierarchySearchFilterOperator.GreaterOrEqual.html)|
Checks if a numerical filter value is greater than or equal to the right-hand
operand.  
[Lesser](Unity.Hierarchy.HierarchySearchFilterOperator.Lesser.html)|  Checks
if a numerical filter value is less than the right-hand operand.  
[LesserOrEqual](Unity.Hierarchy.HierarchySearchFilterOperator.LesserOrEqual.html)|
Checks if a numerical filter value is less than or equal to the right-hand
operand.  
[NotEqual](Unity.Hierarchy.HierarchySearchFilterOperator.NotEqual.html)|
Checks if a filter value is different than the right-hand operand.  
[Not](Unity.Hierarchy.HierarchySearchFilterOperator.Not.html)|  Checks for
items that do not match the filter value.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

