[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# AsyncReadManagerMetrics

class in Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Manages the recording and retrieval of metrics from the
[AsyncReadManager](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManager.html).

The metrics manager records the states and timings of individual read
operations, as well as additional, contextual information for certain asset
types. The manager collects metrics for C#
[AsyncReadManager.Read](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManager.Read.html)
operations and read operations from internal Unity systems.  
  
Begin recording metrics by calling
[StartCollectingMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.StartCollectingMetrics.html)
and end recording with
[StopCollectingMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.StopCollectingMetrics.html).
You can enable metrics collection when your program first launches using the
command-line argument "-enable-file-read-metrics". Turn off metrics when your
data collection is finished to avoid the small performance impact associated
with metric collection.  
  
Retrieve metric data by calling
[GetMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetMetrics.html),
which returns an array of metrics records. You can also get a summary of the
current data with
[GetCurrentSummaryMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetCurrentSummaryMetrics.html).
In both cases, you can choose whether or not to clear the existing metrics
when you make these functions calls. If you do not clear the metrics data,
then the same records are included in the returned array or summary the next
time you get the metrics or a summary. If you do clear the metrics, only new
data is included the next time you call either method.  
  
Call
[GetSummaryOfMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetSummaryOfMetrics.html)
to summarize the records in an array of
[AsyncReadManagerRequestMetric](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerRequestMetric.html)
objects (which you have retrieved earlier using
[GetMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetMetrics.html)).
When calling either
[GetSummaryOfMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetSummaryOfMetrics.html)
or
[GetCurrentSummaryMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetCurrentSummaryMetrics.html),
you can filter the data used to compute the summary by passing in a set of
[AsyncReadManagerMetricsFilters](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetricsFilters.html)
objects.  
  
The AsyncReadManagerMetrics class is only available in development builds and
the Editor. You should guard usage of this class using the scripting define
symbol `ENABLE_PROFILER` (as demonstrated in following example).

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe;  
      
    class AsyncReadManagerMetricsSample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        const int maxNumberFrames = 10;
        public void Start()
        {
    #if ENABLE_PROFILER && UNITY_2020_2_OR_NEWER
            [AsyncReadManagerMetrics.StartCollectingMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.StartCollectingMetrics.html)();
    #endif
        }  
      
        public void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if ([Time.frameCount](Time-frameCount.html) > maxNumberFrames)
            {
    #if ENABLE_PROFILER && UNITY_2020_2_OR_NEWER
                [AsyncReadManagerRequestMetric](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerRequestMetric.html)[] metrics = [AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetMetrics.html)([AsyncReadManagerMetrics.Flags.ClearOnRead](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.Flags.ClearOnRead.html));
                [AsyncReadManagerMetrics.StopCollectingMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.StopCollectingMetrics.html)();
                [Debug.LogFormat](Debug.LogFormat.html)("Number of metrics collected: {0}", metrics.Length); // If no reads have been triggered, this will be zero
    #endif
            }
        }
    }
    

### Static Methods

[ClearCompletedMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.ClearCompletedMetrics.html)|
Clears the metrics for all completed requests, including failed and canceled
requests.  
---|---  
[GetCurrentSummaryMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetCurrentSummaryMetrics.html)|
Gets a summary of the metrics collected for AsyncReadManager read operations
since you started data collection or last cleared the metrics data.  
[GetMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetMetrics.html)|
Returns the current AsyncReadManager metrics.  
[GetSummaryOfMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetSummaryOfMetrics.html)|
Summarizes an array containing AsyncReadManagerRequestMetric records.  
[GetTotalSizeOfNonASRMReadsBytes](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetTotalSizeOfNonASRMReadsBytes.html)|
Returns the amount of data (in bytes) read through systems other than the
AsyncReadManager.  
[IsEnabled](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.IsEnabled.html)|
Reports whether the metrics system for the AsyncReadManager is currently
recording data.  
[StartCollectingMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.StartCollectingMetrics.html)|
Begin recording metrics data for AsyncReadManager read operations.  
[StopCollectingMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.StopCollectingMetrics.html)|
Stop recording metrics data for AsyncReadManager read operations.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

