[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [ProfilerMarker](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.html).End

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void End();

### Description

End profiling a piece of code marked with a custom name defined by this
instance of [ProfilerMarker](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.html).

Always use [Begin](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.Begin.html) to start a
section of an instrumented code.  
Code marked with [Begin](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.Begin.html) and
[End](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.End.html) will show up in the Profiler
hierarchy. Use [Recorder](Profiling.Recorder.html) to obtain per-frame timings
in the Player.  
  
**Note:** Both [Begin](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.Begin.html) and
[End](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.End.html) are thread safe and can be used
in jobified code.

    
    
    using Unity.Profiling;  
      
    public class MySystemClass
    {
        static [ProfilerMarker](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.html) s_PreparePerfMarker = new [ProfilerMarker](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.html)("MySystem.Prepare");  
      
        public void UpdateLogic()
        {
            s_PreparePerfMarker.Begin();
            // ...
            s_PreparePerfMarker.End();
        }
    }
    

[End](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.End.html) is conditionally compiled away
using ConditionalAttribute. Thus it will have zero overhead, when it is
deployed in non-Development Build.  
  
Additional resources:
[ProfilerMarker.Begin](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarker.Begin.html),
[Recorder](Profiling.Recorder.html),
[ProfilerCPU](../Manual/ProfilerCPU.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

