[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# NativeContainerIsAtomicWriteOnlyAttribute

class in Unity.Collections.LowLevel.Unsafe

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Indicates that the native container only allows writing, and can only be
written to in safe, parallel contexts.

Use this attribute when defining a concurrent, write-only interface to the
data in the native container.  
  
Providing a write-only interface to the data in a native container allows your
container to be passed to parallel job types, such as IJobParallelFor, as
writable without restrictions on which indices can be written to, and
indicates that none of the portions overlap.  
  
Native container types marked with this attribute must enforce write-only
access.  
  
For an alternative method of supporting parallel writing, refer to
[NativeContainerSupportsMinMaxWriteRestrictionAttribute](Unity.Collections.LowLevel.Unsafe.NativeContainerSupportsMinMaxWriteRestrictionAttribute.html).
For information on creating your own native container, refer to the User
Manual documentation on [Implement a custom native container](../Manual/job-
system-custom-nativecontainer.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

