[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# ProfilerMarkerDataUnit

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Options for Profiler marker data unit types.

Use unit types to define how Unity visualizes a particular value in the
Profiler. A unit type represents dimensionality. For example, a unit type for
time is represented as seconds, and a unit type for data size is represented
as bytes.

### Properties

[Undefined](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarkerDataUnit.Undefined.html)| Use to
display data value as string if ProfilerMarkerDataTypes.String16 or as a
simple number without any unit abbreviations. Also use Undefined in
combination with ProfilerMarkerDataTypes.Blob8 which won't be visualized.  
---|---  
[TimeNanoseconds](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarkerDataUnit.TimeNanoseconds.html)|
Display data value as a time, specified in nanoseconds.  
[Bytes](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarkerDataUnit.Bytes.html)| Display data value
as a size, specified in bytes.  
[Count](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarkerDataUnit.Count.html)| Display data value
as a simple number without any unit abbreviations.  
[Percent](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarkerDataUnit.Percent.html)| Display data
value as a percentage value with % postfix.  
[FrequencyHz](Unity.Profiling.ProfilerMarkerDataUnit.FrequencyHz.html)|
Display data value as a frequency, specified in hertz.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

