[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Hierarchy

class in Unity.Hierarchy

/

Implemented
in:[UnityEngine.HierarchyCoreModule](UnityEngine.HierarchyCoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Represents a tree-like container of nodes.

### Properties

[Count](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Count.html)|  The total number of nodes.  
---|---  
[IsCreated](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.IsCreated.html)|  Whether or not this
object is valid and uses memory.  
[Root](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Root.html)|  The root node.  
[UpdateNeeded](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.UpdateNeeded.html)|  Whether the
hierarchy requires an update.  
[Updating](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Updating.html)|  Whether the hierarchy is
currently updating.  
  
### Constructors

[Hierarchy](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy-ctor.html)|  Constructs a new Hierarchy.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[Add](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Add.html)|  Adds a new node that has a
specified parent node to the hierarchy.  
---|---  
[Clear](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Clear.html)|  Removes all nodes from the
hierarchy.  
[Dispose](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Dispose.html)|  Dispose this object to
release its memory.  
[DoesChildrenNeedsSorting](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.DoesChildrenNeedsSorting.html)|
Gets whether the child nodes of a hierarchy node need to be sorted.  
[EnumerateChildren](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.EnumerateChildren.html)|  Gets
the child nodes of a hierarchy node.  
[EnumerateNodeTypeHandlersBase](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.EnumerateNodeTypeHandlersBase.html)|
Enumerates all the node type handlers base that this hierarchy uses.  
[Exists](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Exists.html)|  Determines whether a node
exists or not.  
[GetChild](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetChild.html)|  Gets the child node at
the specified index of a hierarchy node.  
[GetChildIndex](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetChildIndex.html)|  Gets the index
of a child node in the parent's children list.  
[GetChildren](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetChildren.html)|  Gets the child
nodes of a hierarchy node.  
[GetChildrenCount](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetChildrenCount.html)|  Gets the
number of child nodes that a hierarchy node has.  
[GetChildrenCountRecursive](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetChildrenCountRecursive.html)|
Gets the number of child nodes that a hierarchy node has, including children
of children.  
[GetDepth](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetDepth.html)|  Determines the depth of
a node.  
[GetName](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetName.html)|  Gets the name of a
hierarchy node.  
[GetNextSibling](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetNextSibling.html)|  Gets the
next sibling of a node.  
[GetNodeType](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetNodeType.html)|  Gets the type of
the specified hierarchy node.  
[GetNodeTypeHandlerBase](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetNodeTypeHandlerBase.html)|
Gets a hierarchy node type handler instance from this hierarchy.  
[GetOrCreateNodeTypeHandler](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetOrCreateNodeTypeHandler.html)|
Get or create a hierarchy node type handler instance for this hierarchy.  
[GetOrCreatePropertyString](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetOrCreatePropertyString.html)|
Creates a string property with a specified name.  
[GetOrCreatePropertyUnmanaged](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetOrCreatePropertyUnmanaged.html)|
Creates an unmanaged property with a specified name.  
[GetParent](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetParent.html)|  Gets the parent of a
hierarchy node.  
[GetPath](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetPath.html)|  Gets the path of a
hierarchy node.  
[GetSortIndex](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.GetSortIndex.html)|  Gets the sort
index of a hierarchy node. Default is 0.  
[Remove](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Remove.html)|  Removes a node from the
hierarchy.  
[RemoveChildren](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.RemoveChildren.html)|  Recursively
removes all children of a node.  
[Reserve](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Reserve.html)|  Ensures that the hierarchy
has enough memory reserved for storing the specified number of nodes.  
[ReserveChildren](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.ReserveChildren.html)|  Ensures
that the hierarchy node has enough memory reserved for storing the specified
number of children nodes.  
[SetName](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.SetName.html)|  Sets the name of a
hierarchy node.  
[SetParent](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.SetParent.html)|  Sets the parent of a
hierarchy node.  
[SetSortIndex](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.SetSortIndex.html)|  Sets the sort
index of a hierarchy node.  
[SortChildren](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.SortChildren.html)|  Sorts the child
nodes of a hierarchy node according to their sort index.  
[Update](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.Update.html)|  Updates the hierarchy and
requests that every registered hierarchy node type handler integrates their
changes into the hierarchy.  
[UpdateIncremental](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.UpdateIncremental.html)|
Updates the hierarchy incrementally.  
[UpdateIncrementalTimed](Unity.Hierarchy.Hierarchy.UpdateIncrementalTimed.html)|
Incrementally updates the hierarchy until a time limit is reached.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

