[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [FileHandle](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.FileHandle.html).Close

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public [Unity.Jobs.JobHandle](Unity.Jobs.JobHandle.html)
Close([Unity.Jobs.JobHandle](Unity.Jobs.JobHandle.html) dependency);

### Parameters

dependency | (Optional) The JobHandle to wait on before closing the file.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**JobHandle** The JobHandle for the asynchronous close operation. You can use
this JobHandle as a dependency when scheduling other jobs that must not run
before the close operation is finished.

### Description

Asynchronously closes the file referenced by this FileHandle and disposes the
FileHandle instance.

Always close FileHandles when done to avoid memory leaks and needlessly
locking files. FileHandles that fail to open must still be closed.  
  
Once closed, the FileHandle instance is disposed and becomes invalid. To check
for completion of the close operation, use the JobHandle returned by this
method.

    
    
    using System.IO;
    using Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe;
    using Unity.Jobs;
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    class AsyncCloseSample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [FileHandle](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.FileHandle.html) fileHandle;
        public unsafe void Start()
        {
            string filePath = Path.Combine([Application.streamingAssetsPath](Application-streamingAssetsPath.html), "myfile.bin");  
      
            fileHandle = [AsyncReadManager.OpenFileAsync](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManager.OpenFileAsync.html)(filePath);
        }  
      
        public unsafe void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            if (fileHandle.IsValid() && fileHandle.JobHandle.IsCompleted)
            {
                [JobHandle](Unity.Jobs.JobHandle.html) closeHandle = fileHandle.Close();  
      
                closeHandle.Complete();
            }
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

