[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Method group is Obsolete**  

# LintOptions

class in Unity.Android.Gradle

/

Inherits from:[Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

**Obsolete** LintOptions has been renamed to Lint.

### Description

The C# definition of the `lintOptions` element in a gradle file.

### Inherited Members

### Properties

[AbortOnError](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.AbortOnError.html)| The C# definition
of the abortOnError property.  
---|---  
[Baseline](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Baseline.html)| The C# definition of the
baseline property.  
[Check](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Check.html)| The C# definition of the check
property.  
[CheckAllWarnings](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.CheckAllWarnings.html)| The C#
definition of the checkAllWarnings property.  
[CheckDependencies](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.CheckDependencies.html)| The C#
definition of the checkDependencies property.  
[CheckGeneratedSources](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.CheckGeneratedSources.html)|
The C# definition of the checkGeneratedSources property.  
[CheckReleaseBuilds](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.CheckReleaseBuilds.html)| The
C# definition of the checkReleaseBuilds property.  
[CheckTestSources](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.CheckTestSources.html)| The C#
definition of the checkTestSources property.  
[Disable](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Disable.html)| The C# definition of the
disable property.  
[Enable](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Enable.html)| The C# definition of the
enable property.  
[Error](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Error.html)| The C# definition of the error
property.  
[ExplainIssues](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.ExplainIssues.html)| The C#
definition of the explainIssues property.  
[Fatal](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Fatal.html)| The C# definition of the fatal
property.  
[HtmlOutput](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.HtmlOutput.html)| The C# definition of
the htmlOutput property.  
[HtmlReport](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.HtmlReport.html)| The C# definition of
the htmlReport property.  
[Ignore](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Ignore.html)| The C# definition of the
ignore property.  
[IgnoreTestSources](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.IgnoreTestSources.html)| The C#
definition of the ignoreTestSources property.  
[IgnoreWarnings](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.IgnoreWarnings.html)| The C#
definition of the ignoreWarnings property.  
[Informational](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Informational.html)| The C#
definition of the informational property.  
[LintConfig](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.LintConfig.html)| The C# definition of
the lintConfig property.  
[NoLines](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.NoLines.html)| The C# definition of the
noLines property.  
[Quiet](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Quiet.html)| The C# definition of the quiet
property.  
[ShowAll](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.ShowAll.html)| The C# definition of the
showAll property.  
[TextOutput](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.TextOutput.html)| The C# definition of
the textOutput property.  
[TextReport](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.TextReport.html)| The C# definition of
the textReport property.  
[Warning](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.Warning.html)| The C# definition of the
warning property.  
[WarningsAsErrors](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.WarningsAsErrors.html)| The C#
definition of the warningsAsErrors property.  
[XmlOutput](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.XmlOutput.html)| The C# definition of
the xmlOutput property.  
[XmlReport](Unity.Android.Gradle.Lint.XmlReport.html)| The C# definition of
the xmlReport property.  
  
### Public Methods

[AddElement](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.AddElement.html)| Adds a new
element as a child.  
---|---  
[Clear](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.Clear.html)| Clears the content of this
element.  
[GetElement](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.GetElement.html)| Gets an element
by ID.  
[GetElements](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.GetElements.html)| Gets all
custom child elements.  
[GetName](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.GetName.html)| Gets the name of the
block. In some cases, the name is the signature of the function.  
[GetRaw](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.GetRaw.html)| Gets the raw value of
this block.  
[GetUniqueName](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.GetUniqueName.html)| Gets the
unique name of the element.  
[RemoveElement](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.RemoveElement.html)| Removes a
child element by id.  
[SetRaw](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.SetRaw.html)| Sets a raw string value
to this block.  
[ToString](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseBlock.ToString.html)| Gets a serialized
value from this block.  
[AddElementDependencies](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.AddElementDependencies.html)|
Adds a list of dependencies by ID to this element.  
[AddElementDependency](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.AddElementDependency.html)|
Adds a dependency to this element.  
[GetElementDependenciesIDs](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.GetElementDependenciesIDs.html)|
Gets a read-only list of element IDs that this element depends on.  
[GetID](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.GetID.html)| Gets the unique ID of
this element.  
[Remove](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.Remove.html)| Removes this element
from the file.  
[RemoveAllElementDependencies](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.RemoveAllElementDependencies.html)|
Remove all element dependencies.  
[RemoveElementDependency](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.RemoveElementDependency.html)|
Remove an element dependency.  
[RemoveElementDependencyById](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.RemoveElementDependencyById.html)|
Remove an element dependency by ID.  
[ResolveConflict](Unity.Android.Gradle.BaseElement.ResolveConflict.html)|
Resolve a conflict if another script has already modified the element.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

