[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# UnityEngine.AIModule

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The AI module implements the path finding features in Unity.

### Classes

[NavMesh](AI.NavMesh.html)| Singleton class to access the baked NavMesh.  
---|---  
[NavMeshAgent](AI.NavMeshAgent.html)| Navigation mesh agent.  
[NavMeshBuilder](AI.NavMeshBuilder.html)| Navigation mesh builder interface.  
[NavMeshData](AI.NavMeshData.html)| Contains and represents NavMesh data.  
[NavMeshObstacle](AI.NavMeshObstacle.html)| An obstacle for NavMeshAgents to
avoid.  
[NavMeshPath](AI.NavMeshPath.html)| A path as calculated by the navigation
system.  
  
### Structs

[NavMeshBuildDebugSettings](AI.NavMeshBuildDebugSettings.html)| Specify which
of the temporary data generated while building the NavMesh should be retained
in memory after the process has completed.  
---|---  
[NavMeshBuildMarkup](AI.NavMeshBuildMarkup.html)| The NavMesh build markup
allows you to control how certain objects are treated during the NavMesh build
process, specifically when collecting sources for building.  
[NavMeshBuildSettings](AI.NavMeshBuildSettings.html)| The NavMeshBuildSettings
struct allows you to specify a collection of settings which describe the
dimensions and limitations of a particular agent type.  
[NavMeshBuildSource](AI.NavMeshBuildSource.html)| The input to the NavMesh
builder is a list of NavMesh build sources.  
[NavMeshDataInstance](AI.NavMeshDataInstance.html)| The instance is returned
when adding NavMesh data.  
[NavMeshHit](AI.NavMeshHit.html)| Result information for NavMesh queries.  
[NavMeshLinkData](AI.NavMeshLinkData.html)| Used for runtime manipulation of
links connecting polygons of the NavMesh.  
[NavMeshLinkInstance](AI.NavMeshLinkInstance.html)| Represents a link
available for pathfinding.  
[NavMeshQueryFilter](AI.NavMeshQueryFilter.html)| Specifies which agent type
and areas to consider when searching the NavMesh.  
[NavMeshTriangulation](AI.NavMeshTriangulation.html)| Contains data describing
a triangulation of a navmesh.  
[OffMeshLinkData](AI.OffMeshLinkData.html)| State of OffMeshLink.  
  
### Enumerations

[NavMeshBuildDebugFlags](AI.NavMeshBuildDebugFlags.html)| Bitmask used for
operating with debug data from the NavMesh build process.  
---|---  
[NavMeshBuildSourceShape](AI.NavMeshBuildSourceShape.html)| Used with
NavMeshBuildSource to define the shape for building NavMesh.  
[NavMeshCollectGeometry](AI.NavMeshCollectGeometry.html)| Used for specifying
the type of geometry to collect. Used with NavMeshBuilder.CollectSources.  
[NavMeshObstacleShape](AI.NavMeshObstacleShape.html)| Shape of the obstacle.  
[NavMeshPathStatus](AI.NavMeshPathStatus.html)| Status of path.  
[ObstacleAvoidanceType](AI.ObstacleAvoidanceType.html)| Level of obstacle
avoidance.  
[OffMeshLinkType](AI.OffMeshLinkType.html)| Link type specifier.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

