[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# UnityEngine.VideoModule

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The Video module lets you play back video files in your content.

### Classes

[VideoClip](Video.VideoClip.html)| A container for video data.  
---|---  
[VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html)| Plays video content onto a target.  
[VideoPlayerExtensions](Experimental.Video.VideoPlayerExtensions.html)|
Extension methods for the VideoPlayer class.  
  
### Structs

[VideoClipPlayable](Experimental.Video.VideoClipPlayable.html)| An
implementation of IPlayable that controls playback of a VideoClip.  
---|---  
  
### Enumerations

[Video3DLayout](Video.Video3DLayout.html)| Types of 3D content layout within a
video.  
---|---  
[VideoAspectRatio](Video.VideoAspectRatio.html)| Methods used to fit a video
in the target area. If you're rendering a video into a RenderTexture, and the
aspect ratio of the RenderTexture doesn't match that of the video being
rendered, the VideoPlayer automatically adds black bars around the video. If
you're rendering a video into a Camera, any area around the video remains
transparent.  
[VideoAudioOutputMode](Video.VideoAudioOutputMode.html)| Places where the
audio embedded in a video can be sent.  
[VideoRenderMode](Video.VideoRenderMode.html)| Type of destination for the
images read by a VideoPlayer.  
[VideoSource](Video.VideoSource.html)| Source of the video content for a
VideoPlayer.  
[VideoTimeReference](Video.VideoTimeReference.html)| The clock that the
VideoPlayer observes to detect and correct drift.  
[VideoTimeUpdateMode](Video.VideoTimeUpdateMode.html)| Defines the time source
used to update VideoPlayer when reading content.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

