[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# NativeDisableContainerSafetyRestrictionAttribute

class in Unity.Collections.LowLevel.Unsafe

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Explicitly disable the safety system for a NativeContainer.

By default, the safety system tracks native containers to avoid race
conditions. The safety system catches many race condition bugs, but sometimes
you might need to use job and data access that doesn't fit into the safety
system. This attribute lets you explicitly disable the safety system for a
specific NativeContainer and gives you full control. However, if for example
you call `Dispose` on a NativeArray while a job is running, the safety system
can't give you any error messages and Unity will most likely crash in that
situation.

    
    
    using Unity.Collections;
    using Unity.Collections.LowLevel.Unsafe;
    using Unity.Jobs;  
      
    struct MyJob : [IJob](Unity.Jobs.IJob.html)
    {
        [NativeDisableContainerSafetyRestriction]
        NativeArray<int> unsafeArrayAccess;  
      
        public void Execute()
        {
            //...
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

