[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [JobsUtility](Unity.Jobs.LowLevel.Unsafe.JobsUtility.html).ThreadIndexCount

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static int ThreadIndexCount;

### Description

Gets the maximum number of job workers that can work on a job at the same
time.

The job system creates a number of job worker threads no greater than the
number of logical CPU cores for the platform. However, because arbitrary
threads can execute jobs via work stealing, the job system allocates extra
workers which act as temporary job worker threads.
JobsUtility.ThreadIndexCount represents the maximum number of job worker
threads plus the temporary workers that the job system uses. As such, this
value is useful to allocate buffers which should be subdivided evenly between
job workers because
[JobsUtility.ThreadIndex](Unity.Jobs.LowLevel.Unsafe.JobsUtility.ThreadIndex.html)
and Unity.Collections.LowLevel.Unsafe.NativeSetThreadIndex never return a
value greater than JobsUtility.ThreadIndexCount.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

