[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [CodeEditor](Unity.CodeEditor.CodeEditor.html).QuoteForProcessStart

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static string QuoteForProcessStart(string argument);

### Description

Quotes a string to pass to Process.Start as a single argument, and appends it
to this string builder.

On Windows systems, quote using the Win32 CommandLineToArgvW API scheme. Most
Windows applications use this scheme, although there are exceptions (for
example, cmd.exe and cscript.exe).  
  
On Unix-based systems, quote using the GLib g_shell_parse_argv function that
Mono uses. This function converts the argument string to a native Unix
argument list.  
  
Command line shells such as cmd.exe and the POSIX shell may use distinct
quotation mechanisms. Do not use the QuoteForProcessStart method to quote
arguments for command line shells.  
  
Do not append two quoted arguments to the string builder without putting an
unquoted separator between them. Consecutive quotation marks trigger
unpredictable behavior in CommandLineToArgvW, and may also trigger
undocumented behavior other argument processors.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

