[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# IJob

interface in Unity.Jobs

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

An interface that allows you to schedule a single job that runs in parallel to
other jobs and the main thread.

After a job is scheduled, the job's Execute method is invoked on a worker
thread. You can use the returned [JobHandle](Unity.Jobs.JobHandle.html) to
make sure that the job has completed. You can also pass the JobHandle to other
jobs as a dependency, which ensures that jobs are executed one after another
on the worker threads.  
  
Additional resources:
[IJobForExtensions.Schedule](Unity.Jobs.IJobForExtensions.Schedule.html)

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using Unity.Collections;
    using Unity.Jobs;  
      
    class ApplyVelocitySample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        struct VelocityJob : [IJob](Unity.Jobs.IJob.html)
        {
            // Jobs declare all data that will be accessed in the job
            // By declaring it as read only, multiple jobs are allowed to access the data in parallel
            [[ReadOnly](Unity.Collections.NativeArray_1.ReadOnly.html)]
            public NativeArray<[Vector3](Vector3.html)> velocity;  
      
            // By default containers are assumed to be read & write
            public NativeArray<[Vector3](Vector3.html)> position;  
      
            // Delta time must be copied to the job since jobs generally don't have concept of a frame.
            // The main thread waits for the job on the same frame or the next frame, but the job should
            // perform work in a deterministic and independent way when running on worker threads.
            public float deltaTime;  
      
            // The code actually running on the job
            public void Execute()
            {
                // Move the positions based on delta time and velocity
                for (var i = 0; i < position.Length; i++)
                    position[i] = position[i] + velocity[i] * deltaTime;
            }
        }  
      
        public void [Update](PlayerLoop.Update.html)()
        {
            var position = new NativeArray<[Vector3](Vector3.html)>(500, [Allocator.Persistent](Unity.Collections.Allocator.Persistent.html));  
      
            var velocity = new NativeArray<[Vector3](Vector3.html)>(500, [Allocator.Persistent](Unity.Collections.Allocator.Persistent.html));
            for (var i = 0; i < velocity.Length; i++)
                velocity[i] = new [Vector3](Vector3.html)(0, 10, 0);  
      
    
            // Initialize the job data
            var job = new VelocityJob()
            {
                deltaTime = [Time.deltaTime](Time-deltaTime.html),
                position = position,
                velocity = velocity
            };  
      
            // Schedule the job, returns the [JobHandle](Unity.Jobs.JobHandle.html) which can be waited upon later on
            [JobHandle](Unity.Jobs.JobHandle.html) jobHandle = job.Schedule();  
      
            // Ensure the job has completed
            // It is not recommended to Complete a job immediately,
            // since that gives you no actual parallelism.
            // You optimally want to schedule a job early in a frame and then wait for it later in the frame.
            jobHandle.Complete();  
      
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)(job.position[0]);  
      
            // Native arrays must be disposed manually
            position.Dispose();
            velocity.Dispose();
        }
    }
    

### Public Methods

[Execute](Unity.Jobs.IJob.Execute.html)| Implement this method to perform work
on a worker thread.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

