[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# UnityEngine.AudioModule

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

The Audio module implements Unity's audio system.

### Classes

[AudioChorusFilter](AudioChorusFilter.html)| The Audio Chorus Filter takes an
Audio Clip and processes it creating a chorus effect.  
---|---  
[AudioClip](AudioClip.html)| A container for audio data.  
[AudioDistortionFilter](AudioDistortionFilter.html)| The Audio Distortion
Filter distorts the sound from an AudioSource or sounds reaching the
AudioListener.  
[AudioEchoFilter](AudioEchoFilter.html)| The Audio Echo Filter repeats a sound
after a given Delay, attenuating the repetitions based on the Decay Ratio.  
[AudioHighPassFilter](AudioHighPassFilter.html)| The Audio High Pass Filter
passes high frequencies of an AudioSource, and cuts off signals with
frequencies lower than the Cutoff Frequency.  
[AudioListener](AudioListener.html)| Representation of a listener in 3D space.  
[AudioLowPassFilter](AudioLowPassFilter.html)| The Audio Low Pass Filter
passes low frequencies of an AudioSource or all sounds reaching an
AudioListener, while removing frequencies higher than the Cutoff Frequency.  
[AudioMixer](Audio.AudioMixer.html)| AudioMixer asset.  
[AudioMixerGroup](Audio.AudioMixerGroup.html)| Object representing a group in
the mixer.  
[AudioMixerSnapshot](Audio.AudioMixerSnapshot.html)| Object representing a
snapshot in the mixer.  
[AudioPlayableBinding](Audio.AudioPlayableBinding.html)| A PlayableBinding
that contains information representing an AudioPlayableOutput.  
[AudioRenderer](AudioRenderer.html)| Allow recording the main output of the
game or specific groups in the AudioMixer.  
[AudioResource](Audio.AudioResource.html)| Represents an audio resource asset
that you can play through an AudioSource.  
[AudioReverbFilter](AudioReverbFilter.html)| The Audio Reverb Filter takes an
Audio Clip and distorts it to create a custom reverb effect.  
[AudioReverbZone](AudioReverbZone.html)| Reverb Zones are used when you want
to create location based ambient effects in the Scene.  
[AudioSampleProvider](Experimental.Audio.AudioSampleProvider.html)| Provides
access to the audio samples generated by Unity objects such as VideoPlayer.  
[AudioSettings](AudioSettings.html)| Controls the global audio settings from
script.  
[AudioSource](AudioSource.html)| A representation of audio sources in 3D.  
[Microphone](Microphone.html)| Use this class to record to an AudioClip using
a connected microphone.  
[WebCamTexture](WebCamTexture.html)| WebCam Textures are textures onto which
the live video input is rendered.  
  
### Structs

[AudioClipPlayable](Audio.AudioClipPlayable.html)| An implementation of
IPlayable that controls an AudioClip.  
---|---  
[AudioConfiguration](AudioConfiguration.html)| Specifies the current
properties or desired properties to be set for the audio system.  
[AudioMixerPlayable](Audio.AudioMixerPlayable.html)| An implementation of
IPlayable that controls an audio mixer.  
[AudioPlayableOutput](Audio.AudioPlayableOutput.html)| A IPlayableOutput
implementation that will be used to play audio.  
[WebCamDevice](WebCamDevice.html)| A structure describing the webcam device.  
  
### Enumerations

[AudioClipLoadType](AudioClipLoadType.html)| Determines how the audio clip is
loaded in.  
---|---  
[AudioCompressionFormat](AudioCompressionFormat.html)| An enum containing
different compression types.  
[AudioDataLoadState](AudioDataLoadState.html)| Value describing the current
load state of the audio data associated with an AudioClip.  
[AudioMixerUpdateMode](Audio.AudioMixerUpdateMode.html)| The mode in which an
AudioMixer should update its time.  
[AudioReverbPreset](AudioReverbPreset.html)| Reverb presets used by the Reverb
Zone class and the audio reverb filter.  
[AudioRolloffMode](AudioRolloffMode.html)| Rolloff modes that a 3D sound can
have in an audio source.  
[AudioSourceCurveType](AudioSourceCurveType.html)| This defines the curve type
of the different custom curves that can be queried and set within the
AudioSource.  
[AudioSpeakerMode](AudioSpeakerMode.html)| These are speaker types defined for
use with AudioSettings.speakerMode.  
[AudioVelocityUpdateMode](AudioVelocityUpdateMode.html)| Describes when an
AudioSource or AudioListener is updated.  
[FFTWindow](FFTWindow.html)| Spectrum analysis windowing types.  
[GamepadSpeakerOutputType](GamepadSpeakerOutputType.html)| Gamepad audio
output types.  
[WebCamKind](WebCamKind.html)| Enum representing the different types of web
camera device.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

