[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#
[AsyncReadManagerMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.html).ClearCompletedMetrics

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static void ClearCompletedMetrics();

### Description

Clears the metrics for all completed requests, including failed and canceled
requests.

You can also clear metrics data when you call
[GetMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetMetrics.html)
or
[GetCurrentSummaryMetrics](Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.AsyncReadManagerMetrics.GetCurrentSummaryMetrics.html)
by passing in the appropriate AsyncReadManager.Flags. Consider how and when
you clear metrics data. You want to avoid collecting duplicate metrics
records, but you also want to avoid deleting data you haven’t accessed yet.
Avoid calling this function from more than one place in your application. For
example, if you had two classes attempting to measure these metrics
independently, clearing the data in one class would interfere with the other
since all the metrics for completed read requests are removed.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

