[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# NativeContainerSupportsMinMaxWriteRestrictionAttribute

class in Unity.Collections.LowLevel.Unsafe

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Indicates that a native container type can restrict its writable ranges to be
between a min and a max index.

You must mark your native container type with this attribute to write to an
instance of the container type in an IJobParallelFor job. IJobParallelFor jobs
use this write restriction to make sure that each parallel job instance only
writes to its assigned range in the native container.  
  
To support the min-max write restriction, your native container type must have
the members `int m_Length`, `int m_MinIndex`, and `int m_MaxIndex` in that
order with no other members between them. The container must also throw an
exception for writes outside the min/max range.  
  
**Note:** You can relax the parallel writing restriction for any native
container instance using the NativeDisableParallelForRestriction attribute.
However, that also removes any checks to prevent parallel job instances from
overwriting the same elements in the container.

    
    
            private readonly int m_Length;
    #if ENABLE_UNITY_COLLECTIONS_CHECKS
            private readonly int m_MinIndex;
            private readonly int m_MaxIndex;
    #endif
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

