[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [JobsUtility](Unity.Jobs.LowLevel.Unsafe.JobsUtility.html).JobWorkerCount

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public static int JobWorkerCount;

### Description

Current number of worker threads available to the Unity JobQueue.

By default, this property takes the value of JobWorkerMaximumCount. You can
set the value of this property at runtime to dynamically reduce the number
worker threads available to the job queue. This can have the effect of saving
power, or reducing the CPU load on a shared or virtual machine. This is useful
if you have multiple instances of your application running as a server, and
you want to prevent any single instance from monopolizing the resources of the
machine.  
  
You can't set this value below 0, or above the value of the
JobWorkerMaximumCount property. Trying to do so throwa an out of range
exception.  
  
On some platforms, such as Android, Unity automatically adjusts this value at
runtime if the operating system indicates that the number of available cores
has changed. This can happen if the device has entered, or left, power-saving
mode. However, if you set this property manually to any valid value, Unity
stops any automatic adjustment and ignores any requests from the operating
system. To restore the automatic adjustment mode, call ResetJobWorkerCount.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

