[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# Asset

class in UnityEditor.VersionControl

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This class containes information about the version control state of an asset.

### Properties

[assetPath](VersionControl.Asset-assetPath.html)| Gets the path of the Asset
relative to the project root. If the Asset is a meta file, the path to the
meta file is returned.  
---|---  
[fullName](VersionControl.Asset-fullName.html)| Gets the full name of the
asset including extension.  
[isFolder](VersionControl.Asset-isFolder.html)| Returns true if the asset is a
folder.  
[isInCurrentProject](VersionControl.Asset-isInCurrentProject.html)| Returns
true if the asset file exists and is in the current project.  
[isMeta](VersionControl.Asset-isMeta.html)| Returns true if the instance of
the Asset class actually refers to a .meta file.  
[locked](VersionControl.Asset-locked.html)| Returns true if the asset is
locked by the version control system.  
[metaPath](VersionControl.Asset-metaPath.html)| Gets the path of the meta file
for this Asset relative to the project root. If the Asset is a meta file, the
path to the meta file is returned.  
[name](VersionControl.Asset-name.html)| Get the name of the asset.  
[path](VersionControl.Asset-path.html)| Gets the path of the asset.  
[readOnly](VersionControl.Asset-readOnly.html)| Returns true is the asset is
read only.  
[state](VersionControl.Asset-state.html)| Gets the version control state of
the asset.  
  
### Public Methods

[Edit](VersionControl.Asset.Edit.html)| Opens the assets in an associated
editor.  
---|---  
[IsOneOfStates](VersionControl.Asset.IsOneOfStates.html)| Returns true if the
version control state of the assets is one of the input states.  
[IsState](VersionControl.Asset.IsState.html)| Returns true if the version
control state of the asset exactly matches the input state.  
[Load](VersionControl.Asset.Load.html)| Loads the asset to memory.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

