[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [Provider](VersionControl.Provider.html).Add

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public static [VersionControl.Task](VersionControl.Task.html)
Add([VersionControl.AssetList](VersionControl.AssetList.html) assets, bool
recursive);

## Declaration

public static [VersionControl.Task](VersionControl.Task.html)
Add([VersionControl.Asset](VersionControl.Asset.html) asset, bool recursive);

### Parameters

assets | List of assets to add to version control system.  
---|---  
asset | Single asset to add to version control system.  
recursive | Set this to true if adding should be done recursively into subfolders.  
  
### Description

Allows you to add files to [version
control](../Manual/Versioncontrolintegration.html) via script.

If you have selected a [version control
integration](../Manual/Versioncontrolintegration.html) in Unity's project
settings panel, the default setting is for new files to be automatically added
to [version control](../Manual/Versioncontrolintegration.html). However, you
can disable the "Automatic add" option to prevent this. This method is
intended to be used to allow you to add files to [version
control](../Manual/Versioncontrolintegration.html) manually via script, if you
have disabled "Automatic add".

    
    
    using System.Collections.Generic;
    using [UnityEditor](UnityEditor.html);
    using UnityEditor.VersionControl;
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    public class EditorScript : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        [[MenuItem](MenuItem.html)("Version Control/Add")]
        static void ExampleAdd()
        {
            [AssetList](VersionControl.AssetList.html) assets = new [AssetList](VersionControl.AssetList.html)();
            assets.Add([Provider.GetAssetByPath](VersionControl.Provider.GetAssetByPath.html)("Assets/ExampleAsset.cs"));
            [Task](VersionControl.Task.html) t = [Provider.Add](VersionControl.Provider.Add.html)(assets, recursive: false);
            t.Wait();
        }
    }
    

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

