[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# States

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Describes the various version control states an asset can have.

### Properties

[None](VersionControl.Asset.States.None.html)| The version control state is
unknown.  
---|---  
[Local](VersionControl.Asset.States.Local.html)| The asset is not under
version control.  
[Synced](VersionControl.Asset.States.Synced.html)| The asset is up to date.  
[OutOfSync](VersionControl.Asset.States.OutOfSync.html)| A newer version of
the asset is available on the version control server.  
[Missing](VersionControl.Asset.States.Missing.html)| The asset exists in
version control but is missing on the local machine.  
[CheckedOutLocal](VersionControl.Asset.States.CheckedOutLocal.html)| The asset
has been checked out on the local machine.  
[CheckedOutRemote](VersionControl.Asset.States.CheckedOutRemote.html)| The
asset has been checked out on a remote machine.  
[DeletedLocal](VersionControl.Asset.States.DeletedLocal.html)| The asset has
been deleted locally.  
[DeletedRemote](VersionControl.Asset.States.DeletedRemote.html)| The asset has
been deleted on a remote machine.  
[AddedLocal](VersionControl.Asset.States.AddedLocal.html)| The asset was
locally added to version control.  
[AddedRemote](VersionControl.Asset.States.AddedRemote.html)| Remotely this
asset was added to version control.  
[Conflicted](VersionControl.Asset.States.Conflicted.html)| There is a conflict
with the asset that needs to be resolved.  
[LockedLocal](VersionControl.Asset.States.LockedLocal.html)| The asset is
locked by the local machine.  
[LockedRemote](VersionControl.Asset.States.LockedRemote.html)| The asset is
locked by a remote machine.  
[Updating](VersionControl.Asset.States.Updating.html)| The state of the asset
is currently being queried from the version control server.  
[ReadOnly](VersionControl.Asset.States.ReadOnly.html)| The asset is read only.  
[MetaFile](VersionControl.Asset.States.MetaFile.html)| This instance of the
class actaully refers to a .meta file.  
[MovedLocal](VersionControl.Asset.States.MovedLocal.html)| The asset has been
moved locally.  
[MovedRemote](VersionControl.Asset.States.MovedRemote.html)| The asset has
been moved on a remote machine.  
[Unversioned](VersionControl.Asset.States.Unversioned.html)| This asset is
either ignored or doesn't exist in version control.  
[Exclusive](VersionControl.Asset.States.Exclusive.html)| Only a single user
can checkout this asset  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

