[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [VersionControlObject](VersionControl.VersionControlObject.html).Refresh

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public void Refresh();

### Description

Called when the cached state should be discarded and the new state should be
retrieved from the underlying VCS.

Unity calls this method when it regains application focus. The user might have
made some changes to the state of version-controlled files outside of Unity
and so your [VersionControlObject](VersionControl.VersionControlObject.html)
should retrieve the updated state. Do not overwrite this method if there's no
cached state to update.

    
    
    using UnityEditor.VersionControl;
    using UnityEngine;  
      
    [VersionControl("Custom")]
    public class CustomVersionControlObject : [VersionControlObject](VersionControl.VersionControlObject.html)
    {
        public override void Refresh()
        {
            [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)("Custom VCS refresh.");
        }
    }
    

Additional resources:
[VersionControlObject](VersionControl.VersionControlObject.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

