[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# VFXEventAttribute

class in UnityEngine.VFX

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

This class handles the properties that you transmit to a system using a
[VisualEffect.SendEvent](VFX.VisualEffect.SendEvent.html).

Lets you alter initial properties from a Spawn context.

### Constructors

[VFXEventAttribute](VFX.VFXEventAttribute-ctor.html)| The copy constructor for
the VFXEventAttribute class.  
---|---  
  
### Public Methods

[CopyValuesFrom](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.CopyValuesFrom.html)| Copies the values
from a VFXEventAttribute to the one you call this function from.  
---|---  
[GetBool](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.GetBool.html)| Use this method to get the
value of a named bool property from the VFXEventAttribute.  
[GetFloat](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.GetFloat.html)| Use this method to get the
value of a named float property from the VFXEventAttribute.  
[GetInt](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.GetInt.html)| Use this method to get the value
of a named integer property from the VFXEventAttribute.  
[GetMatrix4x4](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.GetMatrix4x4.html)| Use this method to
get the value of a named Matrix4x4 property from the VFXEventAttribute.  
[GetUint](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.GetUint.html)| Use this method to get the
value of a named unsigned integer property from the VFXEventAttribute.  
[GetVector2](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.GetVector2.html)| Use this method to get
the value of a named Vector2 property from the VFXEventAttribute.  
[GetVector3](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.GetVector3.html)| Use this method to get
the value of a named Vector3 property from the VFXEventAttribute.  
[GetVector4](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.GetVector4.html)| Use this method to get
the value of a named Vector4 property from the VFXEventAttribute.  
[HasBool](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.HasBool.html)| Use this method to check if the
VFXEventAttribute stores a bool with the name you pass in.  
[HasFloat](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.HasFloat.html)| Use this method to check if
the VFXEventAttribute stores a float with the name you pass in.  
[HasInt](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.HasInt.html)| Use this method to check if the
VFXEventAttribute stores a integer with the name you pass in.  
[HasMatrix4x4](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.HasMatrix4x4.html)| Use this method to
check if the VFXEventAttribute stores a Matrix4x4 with the name you pass in.  
[HasUint](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.HasUint.html)| Use this method to check if the
VFXEventAttribute stores a unsigned integer with the name you pass in.  
[HasVector2](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.HasVector2.html)| Use this method to check
if the VFXEventAttribute stores a Vector2 with the name you pass in.  
[HasVector3](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.HasVector3.html)| Use this method to check
if the VFXEventAttribute stores a Vector3 with the name you pass in.  
[HasVector4](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.HasVector4.html)| Use this method to check
if the VFXEventAttribute stores a Vector4 with the name you pass in.  
[SetBool](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.SetBool.html)| Use this method to set the
value of a bool with the name you pass in.  
[SetFloat](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.SetFloat.html)| Use this method to set the
value of a float with the name you pass in.  
[SetInt](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.SetInt.html)| Use this method to set the value
of an integer with the name you pass in.  
[SetMatrix4x4](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.SetMatrix4x4.html)| Use this method to
set the value of a Matrix4x4 with the name you pass in.  
[SetUint](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.SetUint.html)| Use this method to set the
value of an unsigned integer with the name you pass in.  
[SetVector2](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.SetVector2.html)| Use this method to set
the value of a Vector2 with the name you pass in.  
[SetVector3](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.SetVector3.html)| Use this method to set
the value of a Vector3 with the name you pass in.  
[SetVector4](VFX.VFXEventAttribute.SetVector4.html)| Use this method to set
the value of a Vector4 with the name you pass in.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

