[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# VideoImporterTargetSettings

class in UnityEditor

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Importer settings that can have platform-specific values.

### Properties

[aspectRatio](VideoImporterTargetSettings-aspectRatio.html)| How the aspect
ratio discrepancies, if any, will be handled if the chosen import resolution
has a different ratio than the source.  
---|---  
[bitrateMode](VideoImporterTargetSettings-bitrateMode.html)| Bit rate type for
the transcoded clip.  
[codec](VideoImporterTargetSettings-codec.html)| Codec that the resulting
VideoClip will use.  
[customHeight](VideoImporterTargetSettings-customHeight.html)| Height of the
transcoded clip when the resizeMode is set to custom.  
[customWidth](VideoImporterTargetSettings-customWidth.html)| Width of the
transcoded clip when the resizeMode is set to custom.  
[enableTranscoding](VideoImporterTargetSettings-enableTranscoding.html)|
Controls whether the movie file will be transcoded during import. When
transcoding is not enabled, the file will be imported in its original format.  
[resizeMode](VideoImporterTargetSettings-resizeMode.html)| How to resize the
images when going into the imported clip.  
[spatialQuality](VideoImporterTargetSettings-spatialQuality.html)| Controls an
internal image resize, resulting in blurrier images but smaller image
dimensions and file size.  
  
### Constructors

[VideoImporterTargetSettings](VideoImporterTargetSettings-ctor.html)|
Constructs an object with all members initialized with the default value
inherent to their type.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

