[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# VideoAspectRatio

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Methods used to fit a video in the target area. If you're rendering a video
into a [RenderTexture](RenderTexture.html), and the aspect ratio of the
[RenderTexture](RenderTexture.html) doesn't match that of the video being
rendered, the [VideoPlayer](Video.VideoPlayer.html) automatically adds black
bars around the video. If you're rendering a video into a
[Camera](Camera.html), any area around the video remains transparent.

### Properties

[NoScaling](Video.VideoAspectRatio.NoScaling.html)| Preserve the pixel size
without adjusting for target area.  
---|---  
[FitVertically](Video.VideoAspectRatio.FitVertically.html)|  Resize the image
proportionally so that the height fits the target area. The VideoPlayer
automatically crops the image if needed.  
[FitHorizontally](Video.VideoAspectRatio.FitHorizontally.html)| Resize the
image proportionally so that the width fits the target area. The VideoPlayer
automatically crops the image if needed.  
[FitInside](Video.VideoAspectRatio.FitInside.html)| Resize the image
proportionally so that the content fits the target area.  
[FitOutside](Video.VideoAspectRatio.FitOutside.html)| Resize the image
proportionally so that the content fits the target area. The VideoPlayer
automatically crops the image if needed.  
[Stretch](Video.VideoAspectRatio.Stretch.html)| Resize the image non-
proportionally to fit the target area.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

