[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [WebCamTexture](WebCamTexture.html).autoFocusPoint

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

public Nullable<Vector2> autoFocusPoint;

### Description

This property allows you to set/get the auto focus point of the camera. This
works only on **Android** and **iOS** devices.

[Vector2.x](Vector2-x.html) and [Vector2.y](Vector2-y.html) components are
relative values in the range 0..1 with the origin (0, 0) positioned at the
bottom left corner of the texture. This property can be set when the current
texture is playing (after [WebCamTexture.Play](WebCamTexture.Play.html) method
has been called). After a new value has been set, the device camera
automatically refocuses using the new auto focus point. After refocusing, the
camera focus is then locked. In order to disable use of the focus point and
switch back to continuous auto-focus mode, the autoFocusPoint property should
be set to **null**. If this feature is not supported by the camera device or
if it is currently not possible to focus (for example because the previous
focus attempt has not yet finished) then the previous value for the focus
point setting is not changed. Setting this property to a value where either x
or y is outside of the range 0..1 causes the focus point to be reset to null
and the camera to be switched back to continuous auto-focus mode.  
  
**Note:** this feature may not be supported by front-facing camera devices.  
  
Additional resources: [WebCamDevice.isAutoFocusPointSupported](WebCamDevice-
isAutoFocusPointSupported.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

