[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# SecondaryTileData

struct in UnityEngine.WSA

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.CoreModule](UnityEngine.CoreModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Defines the default look of secondary tile.

Some values are also used when a notification is sent to the same tile.

### Properties

[arguments](WSA.SecondaryTileData-arguments.html)| Arguments to be passed for
application when secondary tile is activated.  
---|---  
[backgroundColor](WSA.SecondaryTileData-backgroundColor.html)| Defines
background color for secondary tile.  
[backgroundColorSet](WSA.SecondaryTileData-backgroundColorSet.html)| Defines,
whether backgroundColor should be used.  
[displayName](WSA.SecondaryTileData-displayName.html)| Display name for
secondary tile.  
[foregroundText](WSA.SecondaryTileData-foregroundText.html)| Defines the style
for foreground text on a secondary tile.  
[lockScreenBadgeLogo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-lockScreenBadgeLogo.html)| Uri to
logo, shown for secondary tile on lock screen.  
[lockScreenDisplayBadgeAndTileText](WSA.SecondaryTileData-
lockScreenDisplayBadgeAndTileText.html)| Whether to show secondary tile on
lock screen.  
[phoneticName](WSA.SecondaryTileData-phoneticName.html)| Phonetic name for
secondary tile.  
[roamingEnabled](WSA.SecondaryTileData-roamingEnabled.html)| Defines whether
secondary tile is copied to another device when application is installed by
the same users account.  
[showNameOnSquare150x150Logo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-
showNameOnSquare150x150Logo.html)| Defines whether the displayName should be
shown on a medium secondary tile.  
[showNameOnSquare310x310Logo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-
showNameOnSquare310x310Logo.html)| Defines whether the displayName should be
shown on a large secondary tile.  
[showNameOnWide310x150Logo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-
showNameOnWide310x150Logo.html)| Defines whether the displayName should be
shown on a wide secondary tile.  
[square150x150Logo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-square150x150Logo.html)| Uri to the
logo for medium size tile.  
[square30x30Logo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-square30x30Logo.html)| Uri to the logo
shown on tile  
[square310x310Logo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-square310x310Logo.html)| Uri to the
logo for large size tile.  
[square70x70Logo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-square70x70Logo.html)| Uri to the logo
for small size tile.  
[tileId](WSA.SecondaryTileData-tileId.html)| Unique identifier within
application for a secondary tile.  
[wide310x150Logo](WSA.SecondaryTileData-wide310x150Logo.html)| Uri to the logo
for wide tile.  
  
### Constructors

[SecondaryTileData](WSA.SecondaryTileData-ctor.html)| Constructor for
SecondaryTileData, sets default values for all members.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

