[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

**Method group is Obsolete**  

#  [WWW](WWW.html).LoadFromCacheOrDownload

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

**Obsolete** Use UnityWebRequest, a fully featured replacement which is more
efficient and has additional features.

## Declaration

public static WWW LoadFromCacheOrDownload(string url, int version);

**Obsolete** Use UnityWebRequest, a fully featured replacement which is more
efficient and has additional features.

## Declaration

public static WWW LoadFromCacheOrDownload(string url, int version, uint crc);

**Obsolete** Use UnityWebRequest, a fully featured replacement which is more
efficient and has additional features.

## Declaration

public static WWW LoadFromCacheOrDownload(string url, [Hash128](Hash128.html)
hash, uint crc);

**Obsolete** Use UnityWebRequest, a fully featured replacement which is more
efficient and has additional features.

## Declaration

public static WWW LoadFromCacheOrDownload(string url,
[CachedAssetBundle](CachedAssetBundle.html) cachedBundle, uint crc);

### Parameters

url | The URL to download the AssetBundle from, if it is not present in the cache. Must be '%' escaped.  
---|---  
version | Version of the AssetBundle. The file will only be loaded from the disk cache if it has previously been downloaded with the same `version` parameter. By incrementing the version number requested by your application, you can force Caching to download a new copy of the AssetBundle from `url`.  
hash | Hash128 which is used as the version of the AssetBundle.  
cachedBundle | A structure used to download a given version of AssetBundle to a customized cache path.  
  
Analogous to the `cachedAssetBundle` parameter for
[UnityWebRequestAssetBundle.GetAssetBundle](Networking.UnityWebRequestAssetBundle.GetAssetBundle.html).</param>  
crc | An optional CRC-32 Checksum of the uncompressed contents. If this is non-zero, then the content will be compared against the checksum before loading it, and give an error if it does not match. You can use this to avoid data corruption from bad downloads or users tampering with the cached files on disk. If the CRC does not match, Unity will try to redownload the data, and if the CRC on the server does not match it will fail with an error. Look at the error string returned to see the correct CRC value to use for an AssetBundle.  
  
### Returns

**WWW** A WWW instance, which can be used to access the data once the
load/download operation is completed.

### Description

Loads an AssetBundle with the specified version number from the cache. If the
AssetBundle is not currently cached, it will automatically be downloaded and
stored in the cache for future retrieval from local storage.

LoadFromCacheOrDownload() must be used in place of "new WWW (url)" in order to
utilize caching functionality.  
  
Cached AssetBundles are uniquely identified solely by the filename and
version. All domain and path information in `url` is ignored by Caching. Since
cached AssetBundles are identified by filename instead of the full URL, you
can change the directory from where the asset bundle is downloaded at any
time. This is useful for pushing out new versions of the game and ensuring
that files are not cached incorrectly by the browser or by a CDN.  
  
Usually using the filename of the AssetBundle to generate the cache path is
fine. But if there are different AssetBundles with the same last file name,
cache conflicts will happen. With CachedAssetBundle, users can use
[CachedAssetBundle.name](CachedAssetBundle-name.html) to customized the cache
path to avoid the cache conflicts. Users can also utilize this to organize the
cache data structure.  
  
If the cache folder does not have any space for caching additional files,
LoadFromCacheOrDownload will iteratively delete the least-recently-used
AssetBundles from the Cache until sufficient space is available to store the
new AssetBundle. If making space is not possible (because the hard disk is
full, or all files in the cache are currently in use),
LoadFromCacheOrDownload() will bypass Caching and stream the file into memory
like a normal "new WWW()" call.  
  
Cached data can be stored in a compressed form depending on
[Caching.compressionEnabled](Caching-compressionEnabled.html) value.  
  
This function can only be used to access AssetBundles. No other types or
content are cacheable.  
  
The CRC passed into this function is computed during Asset Bundle build time,
see [BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles](BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles.html).  
  
**_Note:_** URL must be '%' escaped.

    
    
    using UnityEngine;
    using System.Collections;  
      
    public class LoadFromCacheOrDownloadExample : [MonoBehaviour](MonoBehaviour.html)
    {
        IEnumerator Start()
        {
            while (![Caching.ready](Caching-ready.html))
                yield return null;  
      
            using (var www = WWW.LoadFromCacheOrDownload("https://myserver.com/myassetBundle.unity3d", 5))
            {
                yield return www;
                if (!string.IsNullOrEmpty(www.error))
                {
                    [Debug.Log](Debug.Log.html)(www.error);
                    yield return null;
                }
                var myLoadedAssetBundle = www.assetBundle;  
      
                var asset = myLoadedAssetBundle.mainAsset;
            }
        }
    }
    

Additional resources:
[BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles](BuildPipeline.BuildAssetBundles.html).

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

