[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# CommonUsages

class in UnityEngine.XR

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.XRModule](UnityEngine.XRModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Defines static variables that are used to retrieve input features from
XR.InputDevice.TryGetFeatureValue.

Use these static variables to retrieve common feature values by usage for an
XR.InputDevice.

### Static Properties

[batteryLevel](XR.CommonUsages-batteryLevel.html)| Value representing the
current battery life of this device.  
---|---  
[centerEyeAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-centerEyeAcceleration.html)| The
acceleration of the center eye on this device.  
[centerEyeAngularAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-
centerEyeAngularAcceleration.html)| The angular acceleration of the center eye
on this device, formatted as euler angles.  
[centerEyeAngularVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-centerEyeAngularVelocity.html)| The
angular velocity of the center eye on this device, formatted as euler angles.  
[centerEyePosition](XR.CommonUsages-centerEyePosition.html)| The position of
the center eye on this device.  
[centerEyeRotation](XR.CommonUsages-centerEyeRotation.html)| The rotation of
the center eye on this device.  
[centerEyeVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-centerEyeVelocity.html)| The velocity of
the center eye on this device.  
[colorCameraAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-colorCameraAcceleration.html)| The
acceleration of the color camera on this device.  
[colorCameraAngularAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-
colorCameraAngularAcceleration.html)| The angular acceleration of the color
camera on this device, formatted as euler angles.  
[colorCameraAngularVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-colorCameraAngularVelocity.html)|
The angular velocity of the color camera on this device, formatted as euler
angles.  
[colorCameraPosition](XR.CommonUsages-colorCameraPosition.html)| The position
of the color camera on this device.  
[colorCameraRotation](XR.CommonUsages-colorCameraRotation.html)| The rotation
of the color camera on this device.  
[colorCameraVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-colorCameraVelocity.html)| The velocity
of the color camera on this device.  
[deviceAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-deviceAcceleration.html)| The
acceleration of the device.  
[deviceAngularAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-deviceAngularAcceleration.html)|
The angular acceleration of this device, formatted as euler angles.  
[deviceAngularVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-deviceAngularVelocity.html)| The
angular velocity of this device, formatted as euler angles.  
[devicePosition](XR.CommonUsages-devicePosition.html)| The position of the
device.  
[deviceRotation](XR.CommonUsages-deviceRotation.html)| The rotation of this
device.  
[deviceVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-deviceVelocity.html)| The velocity of the
device.  
[eyesData](XR.CommonUsages-eyesData.html)| An Eyes struct containing eye
tracking data collected from the device.  
[grip](XR.CommonUsages-grip.html)| Represents the users grip on the
controller.  
[gripButton](XR.CommonUsages-gripButton.html)| A binary measure of whether the
device is being gripped.  
[handData](XR.CommonUsages-handData.html)| Value representing the hand data
for this device.  
[isTracked](XR.CommonUsages-isTracked.html)| Informs to the developer whether
the device is currently being tracked.  
[leftEyeAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-leftEyeAcceleration.html)| The
acceleration of the left eye on this device.  
[leftEyeAngularAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-leftEyeAngularAcceleration.html)|
The angular acceleration of the left eye on this device, formatted as euler
angles.  
[leftEyeAngularVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-leftEyeAngularVelocity.html)| The
angular velocity of the left eye on this device, formatted as euler angles.  
[leftEyePosition](XR.CommonUsages-leftEyePosition.html)| The position of the
left eye on this device.  
[leftEyeRotation](XR.CommonUsages-leftEyeRotation.html)| The rotation of the
left eye on this device.  
[leftEyeVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-leftEyeVelocity.html)| The velocity of the
left eye on this device.  
[menuButton](XR.CommonUsages-menuButton.html)| Represents a menu button, used
to pause, go back, or otherwise exit gameplay.  
[primary2DAxis](XR.CommonUsages-primary2DAxis.html)| The primary touchpad or
joystick on a device.  
[primary2DAxisClick](XR.CommonUsages-primary2DAxisClick.html)| Represents the
primary 2D axis being clicked or otherwise depressed.  
[primary2DAxisTouch](XR.CommonUsages-primary2DAxisTouch.html)| Represents the
primary 2D axis being touched.  
[primaryButton](XR.CommonUsages-primaryButton.html)| The primary face button
being pressed on a device, or sole button if only one is available.  
[primaryTouch](XR.CommonUsages-primaryTouch.html)| The primary face button
being touched on a device.  
[rightEyeAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-rightEyeAcceleration.html)| The
acceleration of the right eye on this device.  
[rightEyeAngularAcceleration](XR.CommonUsages-
rightEyeAngularAcceleration.html)| The angular acceleration of the right eye
on this device, formatted as euler angles.  
[rightEyeAngularVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-rightEyeAngularVelocity.html)| The
angular velocity of the right eye on this device, formatted as euler angles.  
[rightEyePosition](XR.CommonUsages-rightEyePosition.html)| The position of the
right eye on this device.  
[rightEyeRotation](XR.CommonUsages-rightEyeRotation.html)| The rotation of the
right eye on this device.  
[rightEyeVelocity](XR.CommonUsages-rightEyeVelocity.html)| The velocity of the
right eye on this device.  
[secondary2DAxis](XR.CommonUsages-secondary2DAxis.html)| A secondary touchpad
or joystick on a device.  
[secondary2DAxisClick](XR.CommonUsages-secondary2DAxisClick.html)| Represents
the secondary 2D axis being clicked or otherwise depressed.  
[secondary2DAxisTouch](XR.CommonUsages-secondary2DAxisTouch.html)| Represents
the secondary 2D axis being touched.  
[secondaryButton](XR.CommonUsages-secondaryButton.html)| The secondary face
button being pressed on a device.  
[secondaryTouch](XR.CommonUsages-secondaryTouch.html)| The secondary face
button being touched on a device.  
[trackingState](XR.CommonUsages-trackingState.html)| Represents the values
being tracked for this device.  
[trigger](XR.CommonUsages-trigger.html)| A trigger-like control, pressed with
the index finger.  
[triggerButton](XR.CommonUsages-triggerButton.html)| A binary measure of
whether the index finger is activating the trigger.  
[userPresence](XR.CommonUsages-userPresence.html)| Use this property to test
whether the user is currently wearing and/or interacting with the XR device.
The exact behavior of this property varies with each type of device: some
devices have a sensor specifically to detect user proximity, however you can
reasonably infer that a user is present with the device when the property is
UserPresenceState.Present.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

