[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# HapticCapabilities

struct in UnityEngine.XR

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.XRModule](UnityEngine.XRModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Describes the haptic capabilities of the device at an [XRNode](XR.XRNode.html)
in the XR input subsystem.

### Properties

[bufferFrequencyHz](XR.HapticCapabilities-bufferFrequencyHz.html)| The
frequency (in Hz) that this device plays back buffered haptic data.  
---|---  
[bufferMaxSize](XR.HapticCapabilities-bufferMaxSize.html)| The maximum amount
of data that can be sent to an InputDevice via InputDevice.SendHapticBuffer.  
[bufferOptimalSize](XR.HapticCapabilities-bufferOptimalSize.html)| The optimal
buffer size an InputDevice expects to be sent via InputDevice.SendHapticBuffer
in order to provide a continuous rumble between individual frames.  
[numChannels](XR.HapticCapabilities-numChannels.html)| The number of channels
that this device plays back haptic data.  
[supportsBuffer](XR.HapticCapabilities-supportsBuffer.html)| True if this
device supports sending a haptic buffer.  
[supportsImpulse](XR.HapticCapabilities-supportsImpulse.html)| True if this
device supports sending a haptic impulse.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

