[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# InputDeviceRole

enumeration

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Enumeration describing the role of a [InputDevice](XR.InputDevice.html) in
providing input.

### Properties

[Unknown](XR.InputDeviceRole.Unknown.html)| This device does not have a known
role.  
---|---  
[Generic](XR.InputDeviceRole.Generic.html)| This device is typically a HMD or
Camera.  
[LeftHanded](XR.InputDeviceRole.LeftHanded.html)| This device is a controller
that represents the left hand.  
[RightHanded](XR.InputDeviceRole.RightHanded.html)| This device is a
controller that represents the right hand.  
[GameController](XR.InputDeviceRole.GameController.html)| This device is a
game controller.  
[TrackingReference](XR.InputDeviceRole.TrackingReference.html)| This device is
a tracking reference used to track other devices in 3D.  
[HardwareTracker](XR.InputDeviceRole.HardwareTracker.html)| This device is a
hardware tracker.  
[LegacyController](XR.InputDeviceRole.LegacyController.html)| This device is a
legacy controller.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

