[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# MeshTransform

struct in UnityEngine.XR

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.XRModule](UnityEngine.XRModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Contains transform information related to a tracked mesh.

This struct is used by the [XRMeshSubsystem](XR.XRMeshSubsystem.html) to
communication information about a mesh's transform.  
  
Additional resources:
[XRMeshSubsystem.GetUpdatedMeshTransforms](XR.XRMeshSubsystem.GetUpdatedMeshTransforms.html)

### Properties

[MeshId](XR.MeshTransform.MeshId.html)| The session-unique identifier of the
tracked mesh.  
---|---  
[Position](XR.MeshTransform.Position.html)| The position of the mesh, relative
to the session origin.  
[Rotation](XR.MeshTransform.Rotation.html)| The rotation of the mesh, relative
to the session origin.  
[Scale](XR.MeshTransform.Scale.html)| The scale of the mesh, relative to the
session origin.  
[Timestamp](XR.MeshTransform.Timestamp.html)| The timestamp associated with
this transform.  
  
### Constructors

[MeshTransform](XR.MeshTransform-ctor.html)| Creates a new MeshTransform.  
---|---  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

