[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# MeshGenerationResult

struct in UnityEngine.XR

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.XRModule](UnityEngine.XRModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Contains event information related to a generated mesh.

This struct is used by the [XRMeshSubsystem](XR.XRMeshSubsystem.html) to
provide information about the result of
[XRMeshSubsystem.GenerateMeshAsync](XR.XRMeshSubsystem.GenerateMeshAsync.html).

### Properties

[Attributes](XR.MeshGenerationResult.Attributes.html)| The
MeshVertexAttributes that were written to the MeshGenerationResult.Mesh.  
---|---  
[Mesh](XR.MeshGenerationResult.Mesh.html)| If the generation was successful,
data has been written to this Mesh.  
[MeshCollider](XR.MeshGenerationResult.MeshCollider.html)| If the generation
was successful, physics data has been written to this MeshCollider.  
[MeshId](XR.MeshGenerationResult.MeshId.html)| The MeshId of the tracked mesh
that was generated.  
[Position](XR.MeshGenerationResult.Position.html)| The position associated
with the generated mesh relative to the session origin.  
[Rotation](XR.MeshGenerationResult.Rotation.html)| The rotation associated
with the generated mesh relative to the session origin.  
[Scale](XR.MeshGenerationResult.Scale.html)| The scale associated with the
generated mesh relative to the session origin.  
[Status](XR.MeshGenerationResult.Status.html)| The MeshGenerationStatus of the
mesh generation task.  
[Timestamp](XR.MeshGenerationResult.Timestamp.html)| The timestamp associated
with the generated mesh.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

