[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

#  [XRDisplaySubsystem](XR.XRDisplaySubsystem.html).TryGetDroppedFrameCount

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

## Declaration

public bool TryGetDroppedFrameCount(out int droppedFrameCount);

### Parameters

droppedFrameCount | Outputs the number of frames dropped since the last update.  
---|---  
  
### Returns

**bool** Returns true if the dropped frame count is available. Returns false
otherwise.

### Description

Retrieves the number of dropped frames reported by the XR Plugin.

Use this method for games and applications that you want to scale content or
settings dynamically in order to maximise frame rates. XR applications and
games must run at a consistent, high frame rate. If an application has too
many draw calls or calculations, it may have to "drop" frames in order to keep
a high frame rate. When the SDK reports that the application is dropping
frames, the application can adjust settings, disable objects, or perform other
actions to reduce overhead.  
  
Statistics are only available for SDKs that support this method, and they can
vary based on hardware, the SDK, and the frame. You should always check the
return value of this method before you use the statistic value from the out
parameter.

Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

