[ ]()

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

  * C#

[ ](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Scripting API

Version: Unity 6 Select a different version

LanguageEnglish

  * [English]()

# XRSettings

class in UnityEngine.XR

/

Implemented in:[UnityEngine.VRModule](UnityEngine.VRModule.html)

Leave feedback

Suggest a change

## Success!

Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although
we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our
users and will make updates where applicable.

Close

## Submission failed

For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try
again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us
improve the quality of Unity Documentation.

Close

Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion

Cancel

[ ]()

### Description

Global XR related settings.

### Static Properties

[deviceEyeTextureDimension](XR.XRSettings-deviceEyeTextureDimension.html)|
Fetch the device eye texture dimension from the active stereo device.  
---|---  
[enabled](XR.XRSettings-enabled.html)| Globally enables or disables XR for the
application.  
[eyeTextureDesc](XR.XRSettings-eyeTextureDesc.html)| Fetch the eye texture
RenderTextureDescriptor from the active stereo device.  
[eyeTextureHeight](XR.XRSettings-eyeTextureHeight.html)| The current height of
an eye texture for the loaded device.  
[eyeTextureResolutionScale](XR.XRSettings-eyeTextureResolutionScale.html)|
Controls the actual size of eye textures as a multiplier of the device's
default resolution.  
[eyeTextureWidth](XR.XRSettings-eyeTextureWidth.html)| The current width of an
eye texture for the loaded device.  
[gameViewRenderMode](XR.XRSettings-gameViewRenderMode.html)| Sets the render
mode for the XR device. The render mode controls how the view of the XR device
renders in the Game view and in the main window on a host PC.  
[isDeviceActive](XR.XRSettings-isDeviceActive.html)| Read-only value that can
be used to determine if the XR device is active.  
[loadedDeviceName](XR.XRSettings-loadedDeviceName.html)| Type of XR device
that is currently loaded.  
[occlusionMaskScale](XR.XRSettings-occlusionMaskScale.html)| A scale applied
to the standard occulsion mask for each platform.  
[renderViewportScale](XR.XRSettings-renderViewportScale.html)| Controls how
much of the allocated eye texture should be used for rendering.  
[showDeviceView](XR.XRSettings-showDeviceView.html)| This property has been
deprecated. Use XRSettings.gameViewRenderMode instead.  
[stereoRenderingMode](XR.XRSettings-stereoRenderingMode.html)| The stereo
rendering mode that is currently in use.  
[supportedDevices](XR.XRSettings-supportedDevices.html)| Returns a list of
supported XR devices that were included at build time.  
[useOcclusionMesh](XR.XRSettings-useOcclusionMesh.html)| Specifies whether or
not the occlusion mesh should be used when rendering. Enabled by default.  
  
Is something described here not working as you expect it to? It might be a
**Known Issue**. Please check with the Issue Tracker at
[issuetracker.unity3d.com](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com).

Copyright Â©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from:
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn) [Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com) [Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-us)
[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com) [Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store) [Terms of use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)
[Legal](https://unity.com/legal) [Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy)
[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy) [Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

