[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/import-images-sprites/images-sprites-import-process.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/import-images-sprites/images-sprites-import-process.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/import-images-sprites/images-sprites-import-process.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/import-images-sprites/images-sprites-import-process.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/import-images-sprites/images-sprites-import-process.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/import-images-sprites/images-sprites-import-process.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/import-images-sprites/images-sprites-import-process.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/import-images-sprites/images-sprites-import-process.html)

  * [Working in Unity](../../working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](../../Unity2D.html)
  * [Sprites](../../sprite/sprite-landing.html)
  * [Image import as sprites](../../sprite/import-images-sprites/import-images-sprites-landing.html)
  * Images as sprites import process

[](../../sprite/import-images-sprites/import-images-sprites-landing.html)

Image import as sprites

[](../../sprite/import-images-sprites/place-images-directly-project-
folder.html)

Place images directly into the project folder

# Images as sprites import process

Sprites are a type of [asset](../../AssetWorkflow.html)Any media or data that
can be used in your game or project. An asset may come from a file created
outside of Unity, such as a 3D Model, an audio file or an image. You can also
create some asset types in Unity, such as an Animator Controller, an Audio
Mixer or a Render Texture. [More info](../../AssetWorkflow.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#Asset) you can use in your 2D Unity
project. This section shows how to import images as [sprites](../sprite-
landing.html)A 2D graphic objects. If you are used to working in 3D, Sprites
are essentially just standard textures but there are special techniques for
combining and managing sprite textures for efficiency and convenience during
development. [More info](../../sprite/sprite-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../Glossary.html#Sprite).

You can import images into your project through two main methods:

  * [Place images directly into your project’s `Assets` folder.](place-images-directly-project-folder.html)
  * [Import images into Unity through the Editor menu.](import-image-editor-menu.html)

If you create your project with the [2D
template](https://docs.unity3d.com/hub/manual/Templates.html) or set the
project to [2D mode](../../2DAnd3DModeSettings.html), Unity automatically
imports images as the [Sprite (2D and UI)](../../texture-type-sprite.html)
**Texture Type**. If you set your project mode to 3D instead, Unity imports
your image as a texture.

## Prerequisites

To adjust the import settings for images imported as the [Sprite (2D and
UI)](../../texture-type-sprite.html), you must install the [2D
Sprite](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.sprite@latest) package.
You will be given the option to install the package if you select the **Sprite
(2D and UI) Texture Type** without the package installed.

[](../../sprite/import-images-sprites/import-images-sprites-landing.html)

Image import as sprites

[](../../sprite/import-images-sprites/place-images-directly-project-
folder.html)

Place images directly into the project folder

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

