[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/active-brush.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/active-brush.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/active-brush.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/active-brush.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/active-brush.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/active-brush.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/active-brush.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/active-brush.html)

  * [Working in Unity](../../../working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](../../../Unity2D.html)
  * [Tilemaps in Unity](../../../tilemaps/tilemaps-landing.html)
  * [Tile palettes](../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/tile-palette-landing.html)
  * [Tile palette brushes](../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/tile-palette-brushes-landing.html)
  * Active brush

[](../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/tile-palette-brushes-landing.html)

Tile palette brushes

[](../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/tile-palette-brush-
picks.html)

Tile palette Brush Picks

# Active brush

The active brush is the current brush you are using to paint on a **tilemap**
A GameObject that allows you to quickly create 2D levels using tiles and a
grid overlay. [More info](../../../tilemaps/work-with-tilemaps/tilemap-
reference.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../../Glossary.html#Tilemap). The active brush controls
the behavior and properties of picked tiles as you paint on a tilemap.

You use the **Default Brush** by default when you open the [Tile Palette
editor](../tile-palette-editor-reference.html). You can select other types of
brushes from the [brush type](../tile-palette-editor-reference.html) dropdown
menu in the [Brush Inspector window](./brush-inspector-reference.html). Each
of these brush types have different behaviors and uses. Refer to the [2D
Tilemap Extras
package](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.tilemap.extras@latest)
documentation for more information and API examples.

After selecting tiles from the tile palette, you can then paint on the tilemap
with the active brush. The **Tile Palette** editor displays a brush preview at
your cursor in the ****Scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus of
your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each Scene,
you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially designing
and building your game in pieces. [More info](../../../CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../../Glossary.html#Scene)** view, which displays how the
tile will appear before you paint it on the tilemap.

## Brush preview

This brush preview helps you visualize the placement and orientation of your
tiles before you paint them onto the tilemap. You can use several shortcuts to
change the orientation or position of the active brush, which changes the
orientation or position of the tiles you paint with that brush. For a list of
these shortcuts, refer to the [Active brush shortcuts reference](./active-
brush-shortcuts-reference.html).

**Note:** When painting with multiple tiles selected, the brush preview can
change as the cursor hovers over neighboring rows or columns. This effect is
more pronounced when painting on [Hexagonal Tilemaps](../../work-with-
tilemaps/hexagonal-tilemaps.html).

![Unity displays a preview of the picked tile at the cursor in the Scene
view.](../../../../uploads/Main/2d-palette-brush-preview.png) Unity displays a
preview of the picked tile at the cursor in the **Scene** view.

## Additional resources

  * [Tile Palette editor reference](../tile-palette-editor-reference.html)
  * [Scriptable Brushes](./create-scriptable-brush.html)
  * [2D Tilemap Extras package](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.tilemap.extras@latest)

[](../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/tile-palette-brushes-landing.html)

Tile palette brushes

[](../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/tile-palette-brush-
picks.html)

Tile palette Brush Picks

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

