[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/atlas/workflow/select-items-objects-packing-list.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/atlas/workflow/select-items-objects-packing-list.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/atlas/workflow/select-items-objects-packing-list.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/atlas/workflow/select-items-objects-packing-list.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/atlas/workflow/select-items-objects-packing-list.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/atlas/workflow/select-items-objects-packing-list.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/atlas/workflow/select-items-objects-packing-list.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/atlas/workflow/select-items-objects-packing-list.html)

  * [Working in Unity](../../../working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](../../../Unity2D.html)
  * [Sprites](../../../sprite/sprite-landing.html)
  * [Sprite atlas](../../../sprite/atlas/atlas-landing.html)
  * [Sprite Atlas workflow](../../../sprite/atlas/workflow/workflow-landing.html)
  * Select items for the objects for packing list

[](../../../sprite/atlas/workflow/create-sprite-atlas-asset.html)

Create a Sprite Atlas Asset

[](../../../sprite/atlas/workflow/include-build.html)

Include in build

# Select items for the objects for packing list

The **Objects for Packing** list displays the currently selected items that
are in the **Sprite** A 2D graphic objects. If you are used to working in 3D,
Sprites are essentially just standard textures but there are special
techniques for combining and managing sprite textures for efficiency and
convenience during development. [More info](../../../sprite/sprite-
landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../../Glossary.html#Sprite) Atlas. You can place
Texture2D and Sprite Assets in this list. Drag and drop a folder directly onto
the list to automatically add all valid content within the folder to the list
(only the folder appears on the list).

To select specific items for the list:

  1. Select the **Sprite Atlas** A utility that packs several sprite textures tightly together within a single texture known as an atlas. [More info](../../../sprite/atlas/v2/v2-landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../../Glossary.html#SpriteAtlas) Asset and find the
Objects For Packing list in its **Inspector** A Unity window that displays
information about the currently selected GameObject, asset or project
settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More
info](../../../UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../../Glossary.html#Inspector) window. It displays the
list of items for Unity to pack when it builds the Sprite Atlas.

  2. To add items, select the plus (**+**) icon at the lower right of the list to create a new row. Drag a valid Asset onto an empty row to add it to the list, or select the circle icon to the right of the row to open the **Select Object** window. Select an Asset from the Object Picker window to add it to the list:

To remove an item from the list, click the minus (**-**) icon at the lower
right of the **Objects For Packing** list. To replace an item, drag another
item to the row it occupies to replace it on the list.

  3. Select **Pack Preview** to preview the combined Atlas Texture in the **Asset Preview** window.

[](../../../sprite/atlas/workflow/create-sprite-atlas-asset.html)

Create a Sprite Atlas Asset

[](../../../sprite/atlas/workflow/include-build.html)

Include in build

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

