[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/urp/lights-placement-tool.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/urp/lights-placement-tool.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/urp/lights-placement-tool.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/urp/lights-placement-tool.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/urp/lights-placement-tool.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/urp/lights-placement-tool.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/urp/lights-placement-tool.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/urp/lights-placement-tool.html)

  * [Lighting](../LightingOverview.html)
  * [Lighting in URP](../urp/lighting-landing.html)
  * View and control a light from its perspective in URP

[](../urp/lighting/light-limits-in-urp.html)

Light limits in URP

[](../urp/Shadows-in-URP.html)

Shadows in URP

# View and control a light from its perspective in URP

The Universal **Render Pipeline** A series of operations that take the
contents of a Scene, and displays them on a screen. Unity lets you choose from
pre-built render pipelines, or write your own. [More info](../render-
pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Renderpipeline) (URP) includes the Light
Placement Tool which you can use to view a **Scene** A Scene contains the
environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a
unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and
decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](../CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Scene) from a light source’s perspective.
You can use this tool to move and modify any type of light source.

This tool does not affect any Cameras in your Scene. The **Scene View** An
interactive view into the world you are creating. You use the Scene View to
select and position scenery, characters, cameras, lights, and all other types
of Game Object. [More info](../UsingTheSceneView.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#SceneView) **Camera** A component which
creates an image of a particular viewpoint in your scene. The output is either
drawn to the screen or captured as a texture. [More
info](../CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Camera) returns to its original position
when you disable the Light Placement Tool.

![](../../uploads/urp/light-placement-tool/light-placement-tool.jpg)

## Use the Light Placement Tool

To use the Light Placement Tool : 1\. Select a Light **GameObject** The
fundamental object in Unity scenes, which can represent characters, props,
scenery, cameras, waypoints, and more. A GameObject’s functionality is defined
by the Components attached to it. [More info](../class-GameObject.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#GameObject) in the **inspector** A Unity
window that displays information about the currently selected GameObject,
asset or project settings, allowing you to inspect and edit the values. [More
info](../UsingTheInspector.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Inspector) window. 2\. In the Scene View
**Toolbar** A row of buttons and basic controls at the top of the Unity Editor
that allows you to interact with the Editor in various ways (e.g. scaling,
translation). [More info](../Toolbar.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Toolbar), select the Light Placement Tool
icon. ![](../../uploads/urp/light-placement-tool/light-placement-tool-
icon.png). The Scene View Camera automatically changes position to look
through the selected Light. 4\. Use the Camera controls (pan, orbit, zoom) to
adjust the Light’s position. 5\. Use the Light’s **gizmos** A graphic overlay
associated with a GameObject in a Scene, and displayed in the Scene View.
Built-in scene tools such as the move tool are Gizmos, and you can create
custom Gizmos using textures or scripting. Some Gizmos are only drawn when the
GameObject is selected, while other Gizmos are drawn by the Editor regardless
of which GameObjects are selected. [More info](../GizmosMenu.html#GizmosIcons)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Gizmo) to adjust its properties.

To exit the Light Placement Tool use one of the following methods: * Press
“**Escape** ”. * Select the Light Placement Tool icon. * Select another
GameObject.

The Scene View Camera automatically returns to its previous position.

## Additional resources

  * [Light components](../lighting-light-components.html)

[](../urp/lighting/light-limits-in-urp.html)

Light limits in URP

[](../urp/Shadows-in-URP.html)

Shadows in URP

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

