[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/urp/scene-templates.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/urp/scene-templates.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/urp/scene-templates.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/urp/scene-templates.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/urp/scene-templates.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/urp/scene-templates.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/urp/scene-templates.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/urp/scene-templates.html)

  * [Rendering](../rendering-and-post-processing.html)
  * [Render pipelines](../render-pipelines.html)
  * [Using the Universal Render Pipeline](../universal-render-pipeline.html)
  * [Get started with URP](../urp/introduction-landing.html)
  * [Installing and upgrading URP](../urp/InstallingAndConfiguringURP.html)
  * [Creating a URP project](../urp/creating-a-urp-project.html)
  * Scene templates in URP

[](../urp/creating-a-new-project-with-urp.html)

Create a new project that uses URP

[](../urp/package-samples.html)

Import a package sample in URP

# Scene templates in URP

You can use [Scene Templates](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/scene-
templates.html) to quickly create scenes that include pre-configured URP-
specific settings and **post-processing** A process that improves product
visuals by applying filters and effects before the image appears on screen.
You can use post-processing effects to simulate physical camera and film
properties, for example Bloom and Depth of Field. [More
info](../PostProcessingOverview.html) post processing, postprocessing,
postprocess  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#post-processing) effects. For information
on how to create a new **scene** A Scene contains the environments and menus
of your game. Think of each unique Scene file as a unique level. In each
Scene, you place your environments, obstacles, and decorations, essentially
designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](../CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Scene) from a Scene Template, refer to
[Creating a new scene from the New Scene
dialog](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/scenes-working-with.html#creating-a-
new-scene-from-the-new-scene-dialog).

![The New Scene dialog displaying Scene Templates.](../../uploads/urp/scene-
templates.png) The New Scene dialog displaying Scene Templates.

The following Scene Templates are available for URP:

  * **Basic (URP)** : A scene that contains a [Camera](camera-component-reference.html)A component which creates an image of a particular viewpoint in your scene. The output is either drawn to the screen or captured as a texture. [More info](../CamerasOverview.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Camera) and a [Light](light-
component.html). This is the URP equivalent of Unity’s default scene.

  * **Standard (URP)** : A scene that contains a Camera, a Light, and a global [Volume](Volumes.html) with various post-processing effects. **Note** : If you create a scene using the Standard (URP) Scene Template, Unity creates a new [Volume Profile](Volume-Profile.html) to store the post-processing effects.

[](../urp/creating-a-new-project-with-urp.html)

Create a new project that uses URP

[](../urp/package-samples.html)

Import a package sample in URP

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

