[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/urp/urp-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/urp/urp-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/urp/urp-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/urp/urp-introduction.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/urp/urp-introduction.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/urp/urp-introduction.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/urp/urp-introduction.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/urp/urp-introduction.html)

  * [Rendering](../rendering-and-post-processing.html)
  * [Render pipelines](../render-pipelines.html)
  * [Using the Universal Render Pipeline](../universal-render-pipeline.html)
  * Introduction to the Universal Render Pipeline

[](../universal-render-pipeline.html)

Using the Universal Render Pipeline

[](../urp/requirements.html)

Requirements and compatibility for URP

# Introduction to the Universal Render Pipeline

![Universal Render Pipeline in
action](../../uploads/urp/AssetShots/Beauty/Overview.png) Universal Render
Pipeline in action

The Universal **Render Pipeline** A series of operations that take the
contents of a Scene, and displays them on a screen. Unity lets you choose from
pre-built render pipelines, or write your own. [More info](../render-
pipelines.html)  
See in [Glossary](../Glossary.html#Renderpipeline) (URP) is a prebuilt
Scriptable Render Pipeline, made by Unity. URP provides artist-friendly
workflows that let you quickly and easily create optimized graphics across a
range of platforms, from mobile to high-end consoles and PCs.

## Requirements

For information about requirements and compatibility, refer to the
[Requirements](requirements.html).

## What’s new in URP

For information on what’s new in the latest version of URP, refer to [What’s
new in URP](whats-new/urp-whats-new.html).

## Getting started with URP

For information on starting a new URP Project from scratch, or about
installing URP in an existing Unity Project, check [Getting
started](InstallingAndConfiguringURP.html).

## Upgrading

For information on upgrading from a previous version of URP to the current
version, or for information about upgrading from the Lightweight Render
Pipeline (LWRP) to URP, refer to [Upgrade guides](upgrade-guides.html).

## Public roadmap

You can check it
[here](https://portal.productboard.com/8ufdwj59ehtmsvxenjumxo82/tabs/3-Universal-
render-pipeline). You can add suggestions as well. To do so, you’ll have to
enter your email address, but you won’t have to make an account.

## Report a bug

You can open bugs by using the [bug reporter
system](https://unity.com/releases/editor/qa#bug-reporting). URP bugs go
through the same process as all other Unity bugs. You can also check the
active list of bugs for URP in the [issue
tracker](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&package=2&unity_version=&status=1&category=&view=hottest).

[](../universal-render-pipeline.html)

Using the Universal Render Pipeline

[](../urp/requirements.html)

Requirements and compatibility for URP

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

