[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/brush-picks.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/brush-picks.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/brush-picks.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/brush-picks.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/brush-picks.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/brush-picks.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/brush-picks.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/brush-picks.html)

  * [Working in Unity](../../../../working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](../../../../Unity2D.html)
  * [Tilemaps in Unity](../../../../tilemaps/tilemaps-landing.html)
  * [Tile palettes](../../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/tile-palette-landing.html)
  * [Tile palette brushes](../../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/tile-palette-brushes-landing.html)
  * [Tile palette Brush Picks](../../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/tile-palette-brush-picks.html)
  * Brush Picks

[](../../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/tile-palette-brush-
picks.html)

Tile palette Brush Picks

[](../../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/create-brush-pick-
asset.html)

Create a Brush Pick asset

# Brush Picks

After selecting tiles with the [Pick tool](../../tools/create-brush-picks-
from-tiles-pick-tool.html) in the [Tile Palette window](../../new-tile-
palette-reference.html), and adjusting the Brush settings in the [Active Brush
inspector](../brush-inspector-reference.html), you can store picked tiles and
Brush settings together as a **Brush Pick**.

You access the Brush Pick overlay from the [Tile Palette](../../create-tile-
palette.html) window, and it displays thumbnails of the saved Brush Picks that
you can load when desired. This overlay is available from the Tile Palette
window, and is only available while the Tile Palette window remains open.
Closing the Tile Palette window will automatically close this overlay.

## Open the Tile Palette Brush Pick overlay

To access the Tile Palette Brush Pick overlay, open the Tile Palette window
(menu: **Window > 2D > Tile Palette**) and enable the Tile Palette Brush Pick
overlay toggle.

![Brush Pick overlay toggle highlighted.](../../../../../uploads/Main/brush-
pick-window-icon.png) Brush Pick overlay toggle highlighted.

To display or hide the Brush Pick overlay, press the single quote (’) key. The
Brush Pick overlay opens at the cursor location in the **Scene** A Scene
contains the environments and menus of your game. Think of each unique Scene
file as a unique level. In each Scene, you place your environments, obstacles,
and decorations, essentially designing and building your game in pieces. [More
info](../../../../CreatingScenes.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../../../Glossary.html#Scene) view.

## Additional resources

  * [Tile Palette Brush Picks overlay reference](./brush-picks-overlay-reference.html)
  * [Using a Brush Pick](./work-with-brush-picks.html)

[](../../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/tile-palette-brush-
picks.html)

Tile palette Brush Picks

[](../../../../tilemaps/tile-palettes/brushes/brush-picks/create-brush-pick-
asset.html)

Create a Brush Pick asset

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

