[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

  * [Manual](../Manual/index.html)
  * [Scripting API](../ScriptReference/index.html)

  * [unity.com](https://unity.com/)

Version: **Unity 6** (6000.0)

  * Supported
  * Legacy

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/edit-custom-outline.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/edit-custom-outline.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/edit-custom-outline.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/edit-custom-outline.html)

[](https://docs.unity3d.com)

## Unity Manual

Version: Unity 6Select a different version

Language : English

  * [English](/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/edit-custom-outline.html)
  * [中文](/cn/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/edit-custom-outline.html)
  * [日本語](/ja/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/edit-custom-outline.html)
  * [한국어](/kr/current/Manual/sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/edit-custom-outline.html)

  * [Working in Unity](../../../working-in-unity.html)
  * [2D in Unity](../../../Unity2D.html)
  * [Sprites](../../../sprite/sprite-landing.html)
  * [Sprite editor](../../../sprite/sprite-editor/sprite-editor-landing.html)
  * [Custom outline](../../../sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/custom-outline-editor-landing.html)
  * Edit the custom outline

[](../../../sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/generate-outline.html)

Generate the outline

[](../../../sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/add-remove-control-
points.html)

Add or remove control points

# Edit the custom outline

You can create your own custom shape and edit it in two ways. The first way is
by automatically [generating](generate-outline.html) an outline, and then
moving the control points of the generated outline to further refine its
shape. Alternatively click and drag over any space in the Custom Outline
editor window to create a rectangular outline with four control points and
begin refining the outline by moving the control points or adding and removing
them.

![You can create multiple outlines in the same
texture.](../../../../uploads/Main/2DCustomOutline_2.png) You can create
multiple outlines in the same texture.

Click and drag over the **Sprite** A 2D graphic objects. If you are used to
working in 3D, Sprites are essentially just standard textures but there are
special techniques for combining and managing sprite textures for efficiency
and convenience during development. [More info](../../../sprite/sprite-
landing.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../../Glossary.html#Sprite) texture in the editor window
to create rectangle outlines with four control points. Repeat this step to
create multiple **Mesh** The main graphics primitive of Unity. Meshes make up
a large part of your 3D worlds. Unity supports triangulated or Quadrangulated
polygon meshes. Nurbs, Nurms, Subdiv surfaces must be converted to polygons.
[More info](../../../mesh.html)  
See in [Glossary](../../../Glossary.html#Mesh) outlines within the Sprite.
Unity only renders the areas enclosed within the Mesh outlines.

[](../../../sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/generate-outline.html)

Generate the outline

[](../../../sprite/sprite-editor/custom-outline-editor/add-remove-control-
points.html)

Add or remove control points

Copyright ©2005-2025 Unity Technologies. All rights reserved. Built from
6000.0.36f1 (02b661dc617c). Built on: 2025-01-14.

[Tutorials](https://learn.unity.com/)[Community
Answers](https://answers.unity3d.com)[Knowledge
Base](https://support.unity3d.com/hc/en-
us)[Forums](https://forum.unity3d.com)[Asset Store](https://unity3d.com/asset-
store)[Terms of
use](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/TermsOfUse.html)[Legal](https://unity.com/legal)[Privacy
Policy](https://unity.com/legal/privacy-
policy)[Cookies](https://unity.com/legal/cookie-policy)[Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information](https://unity.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-
information)

[Your Privacy Choices (Cookie Settings)](javascript:void\(0\);)

